he makes tasteless remarks about his co  -  workers . 
"all this makes lebanon a fascinating subject ,  but also a hazardous one for its chroniclers . "
"mass of work ,  teaching methods :  the absence of culture ,  people are frightening and deception ,  to educated people are reasonable . "
i ' m out to get some fruit and some batteries . 
"“the final amount of the increase is still being negotiated ,  but it will be of around 50 million renminbi ( 5 . 3 million euros )  ,  ”said ambassador ol ímpio miranda branco . "
"chertoff did not specify what measures might be taken to try to weed out potential terrorists ,  but said steps would be taken to avoid travel and business from being negatively affected . "
"down on that block 20 meters ,  this side of the mosque ,  east side of the street ,  our informant says he saw a pair of wires going into a rubble pile . "
"ctu believes the nuclear rods are still outside the city ,  so they ' re fortifying radiation detection efforts at the bridges and tunnels . "
"in the fall of that same year ,  rackham and his crew ,  including bonny and read ,  were captured . "
"only one of these many ways ,  however ,  would re  -  form the glass . "
"what if ,  out there ,  others are asking and answering similar questions ? "
"in a free society ,  in a capitalistic ,  democratic society .  .  .  things do change . "
firemen is ready at all times for a sudden turnout . 
"supported by the underground horizontal directional drillers research project of nanjing dl no -  dig engineering company limited and focused on the new - style horizontal directional driller dl360 ,  this dissertation innovatively designed the automatic driver chair , systematically studied the key cae techniques including the modelling method ,  static nonlinear contact analysis and harmonic response analysis of the finite element  ( fe )  model ,  size optimization of the structure of the whole big beam .  the contents and innovative points of this dissertation include : "
he ought tohead over there and debrief her . 
"hey ,  ah ,  ah hey .  who does not moved to the glory of the people . "
they gave foreigners an excuse to enter our country . 
"norm  /  avatar showing off to the techs ,  using the window like a mirror to shoot bodybuilder poses . "
we are pleased to inform you that the last lot consignment has been duly dispatched . 
"from my western perspective my first thought is ,   "" what the hell !  you are the one right next to the water dispenser .  .  . get it yourself .  ""  but most chinese men would jump to their feet and rush to the water dispenser to get a fresh glass of water to reward the sajiao of their girlfriend .  while i might think it is acting spoiled ,  chinese men love sajiao .  it makes them feel wanted and gives them a chance to act as the stronger sex . "
it also enables you to open up a configured test case record and view test run result history for test cases across several versions and releases . 
b :  the cow left .  why should it hang around after all the grass is gone ? 
"the 21 - year - old has been snow sculpting for three years ,  ever since he first learned how to do it in an ice and snow sculpting class .  “i was fascinated by the huge yet lively artworks , ” he says . "
"i know ,  but i got a lot of work to do . "
"would determine not only the future course of our psychology , "
you ' ll see that our offer compares favorably with the quotations you can get elsewhere . 
someone who got six gold teeth recommended this place . 
every march the armory show sets up shop in new york . 
"abdula noted that the zambezi valley area ,  in central mozambique ,  had great potential and noted tourism ,  agri - industry ,  mining and services as some in which there are , “great business opportunities . ”"
"in ths research ,  vitro tests of cytotoxicological method was used to evaluate mutagenicity of thallium . "
"really ,  she ' s in love with eric stoltz . "
"and then finally  -  -  you know ,  the best of all possible worlds  -  - "
the police artist made a composite picture of the criminal . 
"because the traditional account of economic man would say that , "
"towels ,  beach mats and personal possessions were sent flying by heavy winds as the hailstones pummelled bathers and the beach . "
when they go into the tabernacle of the congregation， they shall wash with water， that they die not； or when they come near to the altar to minister， to burn offering made by fire unto the lord
"beijingers have to eat nearly two years of a bitter gourd ,  it was still a favorite . "
"a survey conducted by the british council in china indicated that given the money ,  more than 80 percent of people born in the 1980s and 1990s would buy a car ,  according to a report by xinhua news agency . "
"i thought i told you ,  greatness requires sacrifice . "
"every blooming flower is as same as a full set of sail ,  under which is carried a cabin with sharp bottom . "
"unreasonable use of pesticides ,  fertilizer ,  mulch film and agricultural irrigation water as well as improper treatment of animal wastes has not only given rise to serious environmental problems such as white pollution , desertification ,  salinization ,  soil erosion etc ,  but also caused huge waste of resources . "
and i think it was a great place to grow up as an artist
"i don ' t protect you ,  them rugheads gonna gobble you up like a plate of black  -  eyed peas . "
"but ,  alas ,  our love was not meant to be . "
what on earth is going to happen if i try 20 minutes ? 
"diego ,  what are you doing here ? "
you lied to big baby and you ' ve been lying ever since . 
"equikrom wants to hire me under the table ,  and then get me a job on the counterintelligence desk for burkett  &  randle . "
"when you approach the idea of networking as a  ' do or die '  situation ,  you ' re going to get nothing  ( especially valuable contacts )  out of it .  in a world full of social media generated conversation ,   "" building relationships ""  is one of the biggest buzz phrases — and with good reason .  you ' re not going to be remembered unless you ' ve provided value .  and blabbering on and on to grow awareness of what you do professionally and how you can be hired isn ' t valuable .  you need to go above and beyond to be different than everyone else by tailoring the conversation to always benefit others .  these steps will help you become the most interesting person in the room  ( even if you ' re an introvert )  and grow a strong and valuable network of people : "
"to be honest ,  we all would have been perfectly ok to not know ,  and as much as i cherish the books ,  this isn ' t the best way to keep their spirit alive . "
"and as a result ,  many people look at economists as stupid people . "
"into your hand i commit my spirit ;  you have ransomed me ,  o lord ,  god of truth . "
so what do you want me to do ? 
future revisions may push both numbers into negative territory :  the economy would have already double - dipped . 
so let me just run some viruses on my computer . 
and i think that we can apply social networks and online payment systems
"meanwhile we are holding the above - mentioned case at your disposal , please let us know what you wish to do with it . "
i was hoping for something a little more menacing . 
many dated expressions are being dropped from the new dictionary . 
"at the end of last year ,  china and cape verde signed a series of agreements estimated at us $ 23 million with a view to funding the national stadium ,  and the construction of the archipelago ' s new maternity hospital and emergency unit . "
"he didn ' t say ,  because he didn ' t find out . "
she said to try back in half an hour . 
"police said michael bacon ,  a registered sex offender ,  overpowered the girl and she was unable to escape hisgrip . "
i ' m sure this democracy thing is just a fad . 
"hey ,  one little exercise ,  then i ' m audi 5000 ,  okay ? "
egyptian law does not explicitly ban homosexuality so the men were charged under legislation of against debauchery . orla guerin reports from cairo . 
denny crane fired nancy wilding because she was fat . 
"the game orders the car ambulation with the left key of mouse ,  can move or so . "
"but we squandered our gifts ,  our intelligence . "
"and maybe even the kind of smaller ,  focused energy bill that senate majority leader harry reid ,  d -  nev .  ,  started to talk up last weekend . "
he ' il get you in a crap game . 
someone speaks off the cuff when he talks spontaneously without any preparation . 
making reform and opening up and technological progress the driving force . 
"the old man then came upon a group of women mending nets by the shore .  "" god speed you ""  ,  he said courteously . "
the lawnmower i bought in the jumble sale turned out to be useless ;  i really caught a cold with that one ! 
"finally ,  the effective moduli and poisson ' s ratio for different fiber orientations are analyzed . "
i cannot believe how easy that was . 
"studies on effects of airborne dust ,  bacteria and endotoxins on cotton mill workers . "
plsd be ntd that the abv bank account is the one special for our company . 
like bamboo i bend in the wind
our mr .  villiers will spend the night with you
"her practical tips for conquering solitude are to get creative  (  "" creativity is the cure of loneliness ""  )  ,  push yourself to ""  do something you have never done before  ""  ( like taking yourself out to dinner )  ,  admit your loneliness to others  (  ""  you might be surprised that they feel lonely too  ""  )  ,  ""  get cozy with the gaps ,   "" those empty spaces in between plans ,  and remind yourself ,  ""  loneliness is not going to kill me .   "" these aren ' t easy fixes — and may induce eye - rolls from self - help haters — but they ' re crucial to happiness ,  she argues :  ""  to experience wholeness ,  first we experience the void .   "" "
the 50th - anniversary episode of the british television show was screened on 800 big screens in 20 countries at the same time as being broadcast on the bbc ' s channels . 
"hey ,  why am i the one to blame ? "
he ' s gonna be ashore with you . 
is ihiding behind the loathing and rejection ? 
"republicans and democrats and independents love our country and together ,  we will protect the american people . "
"and it is not alone .  universities hope that vast investments will help them attract the best staff and students ,  draw in research grants and donations ,  and ultimately boost their ranking in league tables ,  drawing in yet more talent and money .  they have also increased the proportion of outlays gobbled up by administrators  ( see chart 2 )  . "
he has already made plans with them for basketball matches during orientation week . 
he is generally rated as one of the best modern writers . 
ms .  baggetta speculated that san francisco ' s ' more consistent '  climate allowed bay area diners to be more sanguine about temperature while new yorkers were more accustomed to extremes in temperatures  ( not to mention in daily life )  . 
"you know it ' s a vacation and not a doctors appointment ,  right ? "
a critic is a man who knows the way but can’t drive the car . 
"luckily we took earplug with us ,  as the traffic outside our room was very noisy . "
you know the biotech companies are actually going inside us
"to misdirect the authorities ,  he kills the men ,  and then he tears up the bodies to make it look like a wild beast was responsible . "
when you mix different varieties of rice side by side . 
the british prime minister david cameron has accused argentina of colonialism over the falkland islands . 
the manufacturer disclaim all responsibility for damage cause by misuse . 
that ' s the dress you were wearing when you were dancing with pete instead of me . 
"on the one hand to pass the time ,  on the other hand to eliminate the fatigue of work during the day . "
"the annual report warned that asian economies need to address labor issues to fuel long - term growth .  the report notes that many countries in the region have large populations of unemployed young adults ,  and that at the same time ,  these economies face shortages of the skilled workers needed for development . "
"it ' s everything from cell phone cameras to professional slrs , "
can you give me any clues at all ? 
"mother always calls me eat green vegetables more the vegetables is with the big head ,  can i don ' t like at all . "
"mr daniels became obsessed with the tick ,  tock of clocks  ( a sound that filled his various homes ,  together with silvery chimes )  ,  and how to get an impulse on both the tick and the tock that would not be affected by humidity ,  temperature ,  oil sludge or agitation . "
the movie is juiced up by adding some battle scenes . 
i hiked them all and climbed them all in only one day . 
objective :  to evaluate the imaging features of subperiosteal hematoma of the skulls . 
they would rather fail as their own boss than succeed as second - in -  command . 
"my mother is a highly regarded psychiatrist ,  and i ' ve been in therapy ever since she accused me of breast - feeding codependently . "
on which was hung the savior of the world
"the work includes boosting the airport ' s current capacity to process passengers from 450 , 000 to 900 , 000 passengers per year by 2016 . "
"guilt by association :  yankee fans of the current generation cannot help but cringe when the d - backs come to town ,  memories of 2001 ' s world series loss still fresh in their minds . "
"we had this miracle on the hudson in new york city ,  you know ,  in january , "
"after i kill victor ,  i ' m coming for you . "
some business owners turn to cfos to establish proper bookkeeping systems . 
"“we are now able to transition out of afghanistan in a responsible way ,  making sure that afghans take responsibility for their own security . ” “we don’t want another iraq . "
yamen come that you killed a wanted man ? 
countries have gone to war after misinterpreting one another . 
"in south africa ,  the report added ,  the percentage of credit was more than the amount of customer deposits ( 114 percent )  ,  in portugal the rate was 82 percent and in the united states it was 86 percent .  brazil ,  another country highlighted in the report ,  had a conversion rate of 57 percent . "
the water was thrashing and churning about under the propellers . 
"moyer ,  from essex ,  england ,  plays bloodsucking bill compton on the series . "
"costa also said that spanish company isolux and chinese company semek were carrying out preliminary studies to replace the transformers and increase their capacity from 5 to 10 megawatts ,  of the sonefe and capopa sub - stations ,  as well as setting up new transformer posts . "
"don ' t worry ,  i ' m gonna tell you where they are ,  both of them . "
"her little feet were made to dance ,  not to limp ,  her tiny slippers to peep daringly from under bright silks ,  not to collect sharp pebbles and dust . "
"for further details ,  please feel free to call us .  we could offer samples quotation . "
lately i read a story of a foreign son  -  in  -  law in taiwan . 
the perfect coordination of the dancers and singers added a rhythmic charm to the performance . 
the mini spotted dickrather finished me off . 
people like that are in constant need of a powerful stimulant . 
"malnourishment of infected children contributed to the high death rate ,  officials said . "
check it out for yourself  -  take a video tour of aspen pre  -  ski season . 
"application – tires ,  tread rubbers ,  molded and extruded goods automotive mechanical goods . "
such legal changes would have been unthinkable in the region a decade ago . 
"the statement came at the end of the asia - europe meeting ,  a two - day summit held to increase understanding and cooperation between the continents . "
so this is the story of bread as we know it now . 
honesty and hard work contribute to success and happiness . 
"in this paper ,  through analysing of managerial educational mechanism ,  we point out the inelasticity between current traditional science - oriented managerial education situation and the designed target of mba education ,  i . e .  cultivating operative senior managerial talents . "
after a number of recalls of toys manufactured in china–due to lead paint and loose magnets–has reduced brazilian consumer confidence in these products . 
"one big difference in the villages ,  as opposed to the urban slums : "
"so when you eat out ,  you’re either spending more cash or eating low - grade product . "
"disruption to electricity supplies will damage growth ,  and some asian supply chains are already facing problems ;  but new infrastructure spending will offset some of the earthquake ' s drag on growth . "
you could have told her the truth . 
"so i was just like ,  well there ' s all kinds of coat hangers . "
"we can indeed see partial normalisation of financial markets ,  with a marked reduction in spreads between riskier and less risky assets  ( see charts )  . "
they can gain entry into the most secure places in the world . 
"it ' s just -  it ' s exhausting sometimes ,  john . "
"the new casino ' s building ,  which will include a 600 - room hotel located next to the river ,  has 35 floors and will employ 6 , 000 people . "
"they can ' t bringa helicopter in here ,  sal . "
the print and web for 125 looked like a fantastic deal . 
this paper discusses the application of mull cut steel fiber concrete in the area of waterproof and crack protection of buildings . 
he worked with john wayne and most of those old punch - ups you see
then on wednesday i look on your website to see the new hyped alliance race . 
"he source rock of the fourth member of funing formation  ( fmf )  in guanzhen sub -  depression of north jiangsu basin ,  is in low maturity  ( r0≤0 . 7 %  )  . "
i have to go to the toilet . 
"out steps me ,  wielding the biggest fucking shotgun that you ' ve ever seen in your life .  .  .  and you know what i do ? "
"but now thanks to the internet , we can ' t . "
"fred eckhardt ,  a local of portland ,  oregon .  with more than 28 local breweries ,  portland is the king of beers . "
"did rambo volunteer to fight in vietnam ,  or was he a conscript ,  drafted against his will ? "
the question of replacing the monitor bulks large with our class . 
"a new five _ dimensional cosmic branes solution in einstein _ maxwell _ dilaton gravity model is obtained in this paper ,  the physical meanings of this solution are analyzed and discussed . "
crowe somehow blocksthat ball into the court . 
"about half the speech dealt with foreign policy ,  with a heavy focus on the middle east .  president bush talked about his hopes for an israeli - palestinian peace deal .  and he issued a challenge to the government of iran . "
pan said one of the biggest trends among young couples was to have a green or low carbon wedding . 
so you ' re a bad woman looking for a good man
by an incredible entrepreneur named patrick henfrey and his three colleagues . 
the widower of pakistan ' s assassinated former prime minister benazir bhutto has won elections to become the country ' s next president .  asif ali zardari won an estimated 482 of the 702 votes from lawmakers to become what some believe will be pakistan ' s most powerful civilian leader . 
at least ten people were killed in the crash . 
"but as there was still a dire shortage of donor organs , "
"like any other electrical device ,  a pacemaker needs a power source . "
"for example ,  two research groups ,  my own at harvard and one from 45life sciences ,  recently published peer - reviewed descriptions of genome - scale sequencing projects that allow for a direct comparison . "
taiwan issue since it had the date on the affects millions of chinese people on both sides of the strait to the heart . 
"they can immediately see highlighted in red all of the changes that took place , "
as a convent - educated female of a very traditional army officer father my professional aspirations were never discussed . 
"in the united states ,  we ' re still less than 20 percent electronic . "
"so once i had the opportunity to stay in a ritzy ,  five - star hotel . "
"president obama :  thank you .   ( applause .  )  thank you so much .  thank you .   ( applause .  )  please ,  thank you very much . "
hold your horses !  we don ' t have to rush to the shop now . 
that is comparable with some of the best in the world . 
"priscilla chan has long been known as the girlfriend of facebook founder mark zuckerberg ,  but on saturday she updated her status to the billionaire ' s wife . "
"despite the absence of any credible scientific evidence ,  the depakote was safe and effective for that use . "
i should reach defcon 1 and launch my missiles in 28 hours . 
his role was to use remote viewing to spy on russian military bases and gather intelligence . 
"the holiday cheer is appreciated by the poor and homeless ,  said luis beltran ,  one of the mission ' s chaplains . "
"your home phone ,  your work phone ,  your cellphone ,  your yacht phone"
"the united states remains committed to supporting the efforts of southeast asian nations to enhance their security and prosperity ,  including in the maritime domain . "
"in some countries tomato may occur as the main ingredient ,  while beetroot acts as a secondary ingredient . "
it is 2010 after all .  men are allowed to have these things . 
"flour ,  eggs ,  fat and sugar form the main contents of a cake . "
we ' il let some people in when it clears out a little . 
"increased demand ,  with rates above the historic average ,  associated to insufficient supply ,  may lead to a shortfall in supply of titanium ores in 2012 ,  said kenmare ' s president ,  michael carvill ,  in the note released by the company on friday . "
of living with domesticated animals who were the sources of those pathogens . 
remind yourself that the best time to do somethings is usually now . 
"however ,  there once was a creature that actually resembled what bigfoot is supposed to look like . "
"the paper analyses the formation ,  the magnitude ,  the destroying effect of the inverse seepage water pressure and puts forward the measures to reduce the inverse seepage water pressure . "
"no ,  they have to be big to .  .  . "
"the idea is to follow the goal wherever it leads ,  no compromises . "
this operation has been led by a retired general khalifa haftar whose forces launched an air - and - ground assault against islamist militias in benghazi on friday . 
a simple variety and not perfect system of marketing and service must restrict to exploit foreign markets . 
he asked me to abandon the assassination
that makes the whole greater than the sum of its parts . 
"aim the tooth brush holder toward the base ,  and put in position . "
throughout most of history .  when the witches cast a magic spell
"you get to make first contact with an alien race ,  and after you do ,  everything begins to change . "
the painting depicts a screaming person with the backdrop of black running river and blood - red sky . 
"that must ,  aslan are your army for preparing . "
and yet went in and risked his life in order to save sergio . 
"your heart ,  decided the wind temperature ,  also determines the clouds of poetry . "
"entire new families of audiovisual media ,  transmitted wirelessly or on discs ,  cylinders ,  reels ,  and cassettes ,  became more essential to culture even as text continued to proliferate exponentially . "
"the answer is ,   "" it depends ,  ""  but not for the reason you think . "
the police are saying perhaps the lions have taken him . 
"but if you show them that it ' s in their interest , "
this problem had nagged the consciousness of foreign aid people for some time . 
and you -  did you ever tell me what your dad does ? 
they ' re sending most of the firemen home . 
depends in part on whether you occupy a happy patch . 
"jinmai 67 has freeze - resistance ,  high tillering ability ,  big spikes ,  more kernels per spike ,  higher kernel weight ,  high lodging resistance ,  nice characters with good quality ,  high yield ,  extensive adaptation ,  and better yield components .  it is an ideal new wheat variety for late mature winter wheat growing area in the middle of shanxi province and irrigated land of wheat growing area in north china . "
"finally ,  evaluated the utility that apoplectic danger analyses and confine to make a few conclusion to the project . "
he was afraid she would reject him because he was a foreigner . 
"and a knowledge guy ,  and a content guy ,  and a training guy . "
communication and gender equality are not just problems at large firms . 
"does the food of liver of kidney stone ,  second have inimical not ? "
"my family is full of stocky individuals ,  so i don ' t know why i ' m afraid to tell my parents about a guy i am dating while away at university . "
i usually work by making small changes to the code and then testing the new code before i move on . 
that makes you pause  -  -  gives you some pause  -  -  those of you who believe
"we were ,  in short ,  not just getting out under the cynical cover of a ""  decent interval ""  before the final collapse . "
you can ' t convict me of fraud if you are unable to show conclusive evidence . 
a mugger stunned him with a brick and stole his wallet . 
it looked like delicate and brilliant artwork with a crescent  - shaped birthmark on the forehead and golden hair .  its blue eyes were twinkling with ardor . 
"methods serum autoantibodies to insulin and mbp were measured by elisa in 113 cases of patients with dementia ,  including 74 alzheimer ' s disease ( ad )  and 39 multi - infarct dementia ( mid )  ,  and 66 healthy age - matched subjects . "
y : that’s a big part of what make people faster than others . 
i won ' t tell you to let me go . 
you ' re asking me a question about who ' s on top ? 
"but mostly ,  it ' s achieved through all those kind of crazy"
"to compound the challenge ,  established parameters that form the basis for many estimation techniques are not as universally applicable ,  or as straightforward to calculate ,  as they once were . "
"our collective failure to meet this challenge – year after year ,  decade after decade – has led us to a breaking point . "
"but cash  -  rich home builders have bid up the prices of available land in big cities ,  causing a spike in home prices ,  according to sergio freire ,  chief executive of real -  estate brokerage brasil brokers . "
hurricane isaac is battering the northern u . s .  gulf coast with strong winds driving sheets of rain as it slowly moves ashore . 
and libraries and study lounges are open around the clock . 
"the book ' s hero ,  winston smith ,  would soon have a much harder time finding a corner in his room to hide from big brother . "
its new detect edges setting prevents blurring of detail as you paint out spots and blemishes . 
"girl 11 :  because my older sister ,  she gets everything"
methods :  to transform the irregular wax perfusion  -  path into net work  -  shaped wax path . 
the anti  -  aircraft battery knocked down eleven enemy planes in a single day . 
"but senator graham said he believes the iraqi government ' s offensive against the militias is necessary ,  because the militias are directly supported by the iranian government . "
know how many japs i knocked off in tarawa ? 
all religious bodies independently carry out religious activities within the scope prescribed by law . 
failing instructions i did what i thought was best . 
brother has already prepared to travel across the ocean and study abroad . 
"would you like me to recommend other books like this book , that you mightnjoy if you enjoy this one ? "
"it kind of sucks being old ,  so just enjoy this . "
think it ' s smart to have them in the yard ? 
"i ' d like to conclude by relating all of what i ' ve said to the term  "" beauty .  "" "
"the first new model in lincoln ' s planned renaissance hasn ' t made anybody forget the mark ii -  -  or the versailles for that matter .  critiquing the design ,  the truth about cars blogged :   "" the mkz ' s oddly thick c - pillar ,  kangaroo hips and pseudo - aston rear deck treatment look like a mismatched ,  misshapen pastiche .  ""  critics were also unanimous in seeing too much of an everyday ford in the allegedly premium sedan .   "" the end result is a little disappointing ,  ""  wrote edmunds .  com ,  which rated the lincoln below a bmw ,  a lexus ,  and even a volvo in terms of value for money .   "" you can still get most of its high - end features on the fusion ,  for instance ,  and for a price that ' s thousands of dollars cheaper . "
"apart from doctors and addicts ,  not many would recognize it . "
"a precipitous decline ,  starting in the 1990s ,  so that it went back"
"most people are uncomfortable with self - promotion ,  but hard work doesn ' t always get noticed without a little help .  there are plenty of mediocre employees who get promoted because they ' re good at letting the bosses know how good they are at their jobs ,  says ms .  klaus .   ' you simply want to let other people know who you are and what you ' ve accomplished in a very gracious and artfully skillful way .  '  for example ,  don ' t just boast ,  tell stories that frame your achievements in an entertaining narrative way . "
"he is a selfish ,  uncouth fellow ,  who has no respect for anyone . "
"after living in a moscow airport since june ,  national security agency leaker edward snowden began his temporary asylum thursday by staying with americans in the russian capital whom he met online ,  hisattorneysaid . "
i have finished that book that you lent me ;  i ' ll bring it round (  to your house )  tonight . 
i ' m sorry i can ' t lock on to your signal . 
"adversity ,  “adversity , ”  ( the plural is adversities )  are bad things that happen to you . "
his mother died when he was only nine years old ; 
"if this guy is who you say he is , i just -  - i don ' t think you should deal with him alone . "
she had earlier published autobiographical writings in magazines and a story entitled ' a chinese woman speaks '  in the asia magazine . 
semiconductor switches actuate reed relays for signal circuits or power relays for other functions . 
"a :  for you i can climb the highest mountain ,  swim the deepest river ,  and cross the driest desert . "
the ballistics report indicated that khalil musa was hardly a random victim .  he had been shot nine times . 
"after all ,  the last thing anybody should want from their outfits is to attract bloodsuckers anyways . "
richard miller is the president of franklin w .  olin college of engineering in massachusetts . 
we know these corals grow about a centimeter and a half a year . 
"and our friends from cisco ,  and our friends from wells fargo"
"of course ,  i kept watch on him out of the corner of my eye . "
ntp standard protocol enables the linkage to multiple time servers . 
"defensively ,  with sinisa mihajlovic ,  jaam stam and giuseppe favalli all departing ,  the club are short and want parma ' s siviglia to come in to boost their back line . "
food products are one of the main export products from portugal to angola and accounted for 17 . 2 percent of the total in 2005 . 
 ' cause i wouldn ' t eat the filthy motherfuckers . 
state - owned steel giants have cut deals to buy out more profitable and often more efficient private competitors . 
that ' s what they say that you ' re involved in here . 
do me a favor and let the dvd play a little longer and then pause it . 
"for 2009 the government allocated 10 . 500 million patacas ( us $ 1 , 312 million )  to the investment plan ,  three times the amount invested in 2008 which reached 2 , 972 . 1 million patacas ( us $ 371 million )  . "
in this regard the central government should lay down some elastic policy and the regional people ' s congress can make law according to this policy as well as its own social development condition . 
"it might be started by teachers ,  parents ,  community groups or ,  in some cases ,  a profit - making business . "
"i take a burner ,  and i burn away this thread . "
packing list in three copies issued by the sellers . 
a long - anticipated june meeting between taiwan ' s and china ' s cultural ministers has been scrapped for a pretty bureaucratic - sounding reason . 
② intermission nasogastric feeding group  ( n = 37 )  :  the patients were treated with the 250 ml enteral nutrition lotion and 250 ml warm water once every 6 hours interruptively with injection syringe by canal of stomach pushing for 15 - 20 minutes . 
"she wouldn ' t overlook a man of marriageable age ,  from ginger - whiskered old frank kennedy ,  who was suellen ' s beau ,  on down to shy ,  quiet ,  blushing charles hamilton ,  melanie ' s brother . "
"if the performance of sorts is important in your environment ,  then create a separate buffer pool for work files . "
"i have also discovered that it is possible to cause great offense in mumbai ,  by suggesting that the local mango ,  the alfonso ,  is not the best in the world . "
she has a mission by the harbor . 
we have hundreds and hundreds of millions of children around the world
cold light pudding of crushed cooked fruit mixed with cream or custard
is there a manager we could talk to ? 
the production situation of angora goat and mohair in the world and the effect and research progress of improving goat breeds in different anreas by hybridization with angora goats since 1985 in china ate brieflyexpounded .  it shown that angora goat x zhongwei f2 has attained the traitpossessed by f3 of the other society .  zhongwei is a good variety for breedingchinese mohair goat breeds . 
you ' ll get bonus points if it ' s something that he or she may have forgotten over time . 
"they bomb a church ,  we bomb 10 . "
i will never abandon my dream of speaking fluent english . 
"to imnotarobotgirl ,  no no no !  in the best way possible !   :  ) "
we had been expecting herr van beethoven for days . 
caring education theory offers valuable reference for us to reflect on various non -  caring phenomena and to clear up misunderstandings of caring in china ' s education . 
"this is avery fisher hall ,  but the notion of junk  -  -  visual junk  -  - "
this is no way to run the greatest country on earth . 
january and february are the coldest time of the year for people in the northern hemisphere . 
"in games ?  ""  well ,  that ' s what i have devoted my work to"
hadn  ' t the courage to tell me to my face . 
"i know there are other compassionate companies in the world , "
that robots are actually becoming a really interesting new scientific tool
"if that kid of yours pulls another stunt like that ,  you ' re both out of here . "
"to rouslan krechetnikov and hans mayer for studying the dynamics of liquid - sloshing ,  to learn what happens when a person walks while carrying a cup of coffee .  i ' ll give you a hint :  it happens between step 7 and 10 . "
"at the filipino christian church ,  holiday preparations are also under way . "
" "" there ' s still one other traitor besides nishida . "
my father worked like an elephant till he dropped dead at 49 with a heart attack . 
agape this is love without tension :  it is calm and not frantic . 
"paul ,  i am sick and tired of your lies . "
"when it came to getting dressed ,  piaggi ' s intimacy with her clothes came quite literally at a price . "
"we ' re curious ,  and we just go out and get knowledge ,  you know ? "
"takeshi kunibe ,  chairman of the japanese bankers association ,  told reporters yesterday that the group would team up with the national police agency to share information ,  so that gangsters seeking funds from about 200 domestic and foreign banks were cut off at the source . "
"and my daughter ,  who ' s three ,  when i dropped her off at preschool , "
"the in situ tensile of a fully lamellar tial alloy ,  with a composition of ti 33al 3cr 0 5 mo ( mass fraction %  )  ,  was performed with plate and foil specimens in sem and tem respectively .  the process of initiation and extension of crack was in situ observed .  the results revealed that the crack would deflect and its tip would blunt when it met the interface ; "
i have come to take you back to fort smith . 
"what i will give you is an indian answer , "
"based on this model ,  devicenet provides manifold i / o data trigger modes ,  such as bit - strobe ,  poll ,  change - of - status  ( cos )  / cyclic ,  and can construct master / slave ,  multi - master and peer - to - peer network architecture . "
this country has never had a genuine aristocracy or an aristocratic tradition . 
let us deal with the questions in order of precedence . 
" ' cause that punch was meant for him ,  that ' s what makes me feel so good . "
mr gibbs said :   ` in the last 15 months we ` ve lost seven of our customers to cancer .  it just broke our hearts .  we wanted to do something to raise awareness of cancer and to encourage more people to go and get checked out .  ` 
"mozambique ' s most recent participation in an international tourism fair ,  close to south africa ' s ghosting of the soccer world cup ,  was at indaba ,  in the south african city of durban ,  and was considered positive by mozambican tour operators . "
i want them to stop shitting their pants ! 
" "" unless we also support main street by making sure that aggregate demand is not going to collapse ,  six months from now everything we ' ve done to backstop the banks is going to be undone by collapse in aggregate demand ,  ""  he said . "
"anywhere .  .  .  and again ,  with a single instance of the server ,  you ' ll probably be able to have up to a hundred users on a single instance of the server . "
"what is this ?  ""  i don ' t want to swear on the web . "
"your “nerves , ” here ,  are your feelings of being anxious ,  worried ,  and stressed . "
"liel leibovitz :   "" a little bit later on ,  i was delighted and amazed to discover that these boys ,  who later turned out to be very ,  very remarkable men ,  had left behind an archive of letters ,  of diaries ,  of clothing articles detailing their entire journey and also what happened to them once they finally returned to china .  "" "
"we really want to put a cap on our carbon emission , "
so if i ' ve determined something is a monday puzzle .  .  . 
"look ,  you know what i ' m talking about . "
we hoped that you will point our company as the soled distributor in japan . 
you do not need to have the education level of people in this room . 
so what if i click this down to zero ? 
a new inuit ataqatigiit government will edge greenland a bit closer to full independence from denmark . 
"elsewhere in the euro zone there are glimmers of hope ,  especially in the ambition for structural reforms .  in the euro ' s first decade ,  southern mediterranean countries enjoyed the benefit of lower interest rates ,  but they failed to reform their labour and product markets to make their economies more competitive for a world in which they had lost the safety - valve of currency devaluation . "
the essential problem of man in acomputerizedage remains the same as it has always been . 
completely supplants the prior technology at a much lower price point
"the room we happen to be in ,  the amplification ,  the quality of the instrument , "
getting this contract is crucial to the future of our company . 
gates says the global fund can change the fortunes of the world’s poorest countries . 
the only hole in the golf course without any bunkers .  there is a small hillside across the fairway 70 yards from the green with the slope on the left . 
" "" he  [ was ]  the untouchable khmer rouge leader that has been protected by the government ,  given amnesty by the kings ,  and have so much money ,  ""  said channg .   "" so for all of us who is the victims having him arrested makes a huge difference .  "" "
where the animal has to stick for five seconds . 
theirs has been the single greatest contribution  -  not only to controlling avian flu but possibly to delaying the emergence of a human pandemic virus . 
"insurance will cover the bypass ,  it閳ユ獟l cover the angioplasty ; "
"bosomy cheek and whistle cannot ,  but knit the forehead to reach close a key point all normal ,  appear only focus is right paralysis of side bottom face ,  be in with the limbs of hemiplegia with side . "
"woe to the disobedient ,  and death to cowards and unbelievers . "
an urgent matter requires your attention at the hacienda . 
you want to put dominick in the bedroom ? 
"in 2006 ,  the group ' s revenues totaled around 458 million euros and the number of employees was over 6 , 000 . "
take saber down to the command truck ! 
ronald reagan spoke from the white house in nineteen eighty - eight . 
in the blink of an eye all of my certainty evaporated as though i ' d never had it— what would i do if he didn ' t turn around ? 
" "" club sandwich :  three slices of bread with two layers ham ,  chicken ,  lettuce ,  tomato ,  and mayonnaise in between .  "" "
it seeks to reveal the ideology and power relations which are concealed in public discourses and to expose the counteraction of public discourses on the formation of people ' s ideology . 
"ban ki - moon ,  the un secretary - general ,  said he was presenting the report to the un security council with a “heavy heart” and described the attack as “a despicable crime” . "
he failed in the exam because of his absence of mind . 
"“the t .  rex probably couldn’t have done the arm - wrestling move , ” conrad says . "
"second ,  inflation is already visible in the data on nominal gross domestic product ,  which is growing at between 6 and 7 per cent a year faster than the government ' s estimates of real gdp ; "
methods partiallaryngectomy and laryngeal reconstruction with platysma myofascial flap and sternohyoid muscle flap . 
"shit ,  he ' s put her in the middle of everything . "
"listen ,  50 per cent of my inventory is manufactured in malaysian sweatshops . "
"but in sichuan province ,  in neighbouring china ,  the air is still breathable .  death is being swept away . "
my mom wouldn ' t give a shit about me . 
but i had to– i had to promise . 
"to resell means to buy something from a store especially something that everyone wants to get and it ' s difficult to buy ,  and sell it to someone else at a higher price . "
"so ,  if you have very cheap fuel that you can put 60 years in  -  - "
"captain schneider ' s blond ponytail bobbed when she shook her head .   "" on the texas  /  mexico border . "
"often we sense that we can get away with things around those who know us best ,  who will love us regardless of our conduct . "
"said kou wen ,  an engineer in beijing ,   "" everyone hates smog ,  but life moves on .  "" "
trying to make me kill a wrong guy . 
the agency wants to center its attention on developing the next generation of spacecraft that can travel to asteroids or mars . 
"my hump ,  my hump my lovely lady hump"
the membrane process is usually accomplished by either electrodialysis or reverse osmosis . 
what else do i want to know as a vc ? 
"general de gaulle ,  whom i did not consult beforehand ,  was magnificent in his demeanour . "
china said they would seek verification from relevant parties and express their concern . 
tsai is similar to madonna in the way she consistently re - invents herself and her image with every new album .  yoga is another theme that unites the two star singers . 
"reychad abdool :   "" we know for a fact that heroin is being used in at least thirty countries in africa . "
it ' s possible we just found more of gavin nichols . 
"and as long as i live ,  i ' il believe he can change ,  because he ' s .  .  . "
" ( applause .  )  to build a culture of life ,  we must also ensure that scientific advances always serve human dignity ,  not take advantage of some lives for the benefit of others . "
"prices of staple food such as rice ,  wheat ,  corn and oils have more than doubled since march .  this has set off riots in some 40 of the world ' s poorer countries ,  where people spend up to 80 percent of their family incomes on food . "
"a three - pound package of bees ,  which comes in the mail ,  and of course , "
each student has to hand in a composition once a week . 
"that is ,  it is possible for these three drivers of our world"
"prince william ,  duke of cambridge and catherine ,  duchess of cambridge depart the lindo wing with their newborn son at st mary ' s hospital in london . "
do not prescribe to me what i ' m going to do . 
"and i saw it ,  and i thought ,  yep ,  that ' s it . "
"hey ,  man ,  i just wanted you to know . "
"god touched to you tonight ,  i want to hear that . "
"we ' re gonna pound booze ,  wait for carlos . "
 .  .  .  but it strikes me as a slightly unimaginative way of improving a train journey
he thinks diving is more than just earning points . 
"whichever critique one accepts ,  it seems clear ,  in retrospect ,  that monetary policy was too loose . "
"the consortium between melco and australia ' s pbl ,  with lawrence ho ,  son of stanley ho ,  as yet operates no casinos ,  but runs several slot machine rooms . "
the democratic and republican parties are the largest and most competitive organizations in the american community . 
"with measurements of ventilation leakage in gateway of a room and pillar mining in huangling no . 1 mine and the site practical experiences ,  the paper summarized the ventilation leakage law in the gateway of the room and pillar mining ,  which can be references to the mine site management . "
"state oil company petrobras also has investments in africa ,  namely in oil exploration in angola and nigeria ,  in partnership with local counterparts . "
this week president hu jintao and prime minister wen jiabao pledged to double efforts to increase imports and foreign investment as well as maintain the level of exports . 
"it ' s a disease that kills a lot of adults in africa ,  in addition to a lot of children . "
"it was an international group ,  so there were people from all over theworld . "
"a virginia architect who managed to return to work after 11 years away says he told everyone he met ,  from friends and neighbors to co - workers on community projects ,  that he was an architect ,  not a stay - at - home dad . "
she actually kicked me out of the house . 
"one of my suitcases is small ,  and the other one is medium size . "
no doubt they are hoping that the first “tech president ” will at last live up to their expectations . 
"he who buys had need have 100 eyes ,  but one ' s enough for him that sells the stuff . "
"according to wen ,  the next five years is critical in fulfilling the mdgs ,  and the global community should put its emphasize on helping africa shake off poverty . "
anne brighton .  i have to stop this . 
"many western governments have described the election friday as a sham because of widespread intimidation and because mr .  mugabe ' s challenger had withdrawn .  the united states has called mr .  mugabe ' s inauguration illegitimate .  but charamba had harsh words for those critics ,  suggesting outsiders should mind their own business . "
"kim jong il has not been seen in public since last month ,  and was most notably absent from a military parade this month marking the country ' s 60th anniversary .  south korean intelligence officials told lawmakers last week they believe the north korean leader is recovering from a stroke . "
"the report ,  though otherwise dispassionate ,  ended :  "" when will some mode of punishment be found to save these sacrifices of life ?  "" "
"of tribes in the country ,  to bring everyone together . "
he had been puzzling all day for the answer to the last clue in the crossword and was about to tear his hair out when his wife told him the correct answer . 
you swore to methat this was fail - safe . 
"i ' ve got no money , i ' ve just come from adelaide .  .  . "
fifa . com : what was the predominant style of play at the tournament ? 
i want you to show skin in the four major regions . 
"then the fashion world met eddie mullon .  in 2004 ,  mullon arrived at kcd ' s new york office to extract a virus from a publicist ' s computer .   ( the company found out about the malawi - born ,  britain - bred computer repairman and software developer through flyers he had posted around the city .  )  he became a technology consultant for the firm and watched them struggle to figure out who would sit where at the dozens of shows they organized in new york ,  london ,  milan ,  and paris twice a year . "
"when other people touch it ,  he does not like . "
but when i discovered around 24 years of age that i was much more comfortable
do you come here for the purpose of travelling or business exploration ? 
"the turkey is usually seasoned and roasted in an oven ,  but some people fry the bird in oil or cook it on a grill or in a smoker . "
"kb :  now ,  steve ,  do you think it ' s here ?  yes or no ? "
with a pen in his toes he could sign his name with a flourish . 
"david evans :   "" there are things that we can do better in the online format . "
"that will end the age of oil ,  long before we run out of oil . "
we all meet back here in 20 minutes regardless . 
"they may then prescribe us individualized diets ,  designed to match our unique nutritional needs . "
"the author endued the "" love maniac "" spiritual aesthetic spice , and they became to the monuments of the love stories generational . "
"we ' ve pledged not to add features ,  but to bring that price down . "
"lucy ' s first word was  "" annie .  .  .  ""  and her fifth word was  "" joe .  "" "
"chen chen ,  a sociology expert at china youth  &  children research center ,  points out that ,  it is still gadget owners who’re shunning personal contact . "
and i had a white cane in one hand
"the company purchased the chair for  $ 1 ,  250 in march 2011 ,  and it has been leased out for 654 of the past 690 days ,  said jay hart ,  a principal at sold with style .  considering they typically recoup the value of an item within 270 days ,  he said they ' ve made back their investment in spades . "
"the “gas pedal” is the opposite ,  in some ways ,  of the brake pedal ;  it makes the car go faster . "
there is evidence of reabsorption of the surrounding bone . 
"we citizens need to wise up and  "" alter or abolish ""  our federal government by any means necessary . "
doing more or less what you see here .  this is castleton china . 
the students are in middle and high school and write essays about culture and global issues . 
our position is hopeless ;  we ' ll never get out alive . 
the first thing you do is lock into a tight body position  -  - 
"the collaborative network that we have access to within academia , "
you haven ' t given up your quest for the holy grail ? 
average joe ' s does some clear  -  cutting of their own and moves onto the quarterfinal . 
"and it turns out ,  from our research ,  that it boils down to survival  -  - "
"i ' ll send the prescription down there ,  so you can just pick it up on your way out . "
"but when women do speak ,  it ' s worth listening ¨c because they use more varied andthoughtfullanguage than men . "
he reported on the whole event to the vice premier . 
"to produce ( radioactivity ,  for example ) artificially by bombardment of a substance with neutrons ,  gamma rays ,  and other particles . "
the builders are now beginning to lay the foundations of the new school . 
but i wanna spend time with you . 
"cyril finds out his profr ' s on the take ,  and he kills him . "
i know you ' re gonna enjoy this . 
lava burst :  the base damage has been increased by approx .  10 %  . 
could afford to build something this size . 
"well ,  you either go to a doctor ,  or you leave it here . "
"they were also easing up on requiring formality and a preconceived structure in our deliverables ,  and they were approving documentation based on the rup framework without reservations . "
"but unlike with lehman ,  the government can stand behind any counter party transaction . "
troops backed by tanks are reported to have entered the town of tal shehab which has been one of the main crossing points for those trying to escape the fighting . 
"in 2005 ,  the c company lossed in rmb 336 , 000 , 000 .   ( matched 38 , 000 , 000 euros about )  . "
"but observes according to reporter ,  because the opportunity takes the pulse not to permit to add on begins the evening ,  the jiangcheng travel agency fears with austria superheatings just misses . "
"dude ,  get up on the top rock . "
"it was there ,  police believe ,  that weinstein was able to activate the recorder she kept in her bag . "
this induced a lowering of standards for granting credit and so a credit bubble . 
"i think philosophically ,  that was one of the most important papers"
"ms .  walcoe ,  48 years old ,  says she had a facebook page at the time but  ' knew nothing about how the internet worked .  ' "
"based on the fundamental principles of abc / abm and the characters of the postal production and costs ,  the paper firstly analyzes possibilities of applying abc / abm to the post enterprises . "
certifying the world to have eradicated the first disease in history . 
"i ' ii repay your  $ 100 , 000 loan in 100 installments . "
so let me once again wish you a happy new year and every possible success for the next tweleve months .  xin nian kuai le ! 
aren ' t you supposed to be in school ? 
for when we goto the games together . 
we ' re working closely with the international committee of the red cross
lf you want to help in a spartan victory .  .  . 
"after their deaths ,  the gods would allow cleopatra to live with antony in another form of existence ,  so they would have eternal life together . "
" "" president bush is well aware that the banner should have been much more specific and said ,   ' mission accomplished for these sailors on who are on this ship on their mission .  '  and we have certainly paid a price for not being more specific on that banner ,  ""  she noted . "
"obama is also doing well in states like nevada ,  colorado and even north carolina ,  all of which have tended to vote republican in recent years . "
"dellas has reportedly already held talks with the trotters and even undergone a medical ,  making the lancashire club firm favourites to secure his signature in the coming days . "
but i think the worst kind of fear is the fear  -  - 
"in mozambique ,  where it had already tried various approaches ,  it announced that it is to set up a bank ,  moza banco ,  in which it has a 49 percent share ,  the remaining 51 percent held by 150 private individuals and companies . "
there was nothing that i couldn ' t do . 
"drawing on a similar - sounding word in your native language ,  visualise a picture or scene to go with the new vocabulary . "
let me come onto you .  we are gonna fight together ! 
"very ,  very heavy cultivation all the way down to the river ' s edge , "
"they checked into room 206 again ,  and ernest shut himself away to make the final changes . "
"sometime my sister ,  she show her vagine .  .  .  to my brother ,  bilo ,  and say .  .  . "
"when it was child ,  this was my favorite place in the world . "
"one day i was with jared ,  who is a little older than i . "
some industrialized nations say future agreements to limit emissions should apply to all major economies . 
"soon we had outgrown the scrap yards ,  what they could provide , "
"in 1948 ,  he went to lake kivn in the congo to observe a new volcano which he later named kitulo . "
"over two decades ago ,  the world insisted to africa that markets"
well we went to the forests of singapore and southeast asia . 
but in fact that ' s not why they went extinct . 
"expedition physician joe macinnis told national geographic news before the journey that recent test dives ,  including one that went more than five miles deep ,  had gone well and that he expected cameron would be fine . "
jelly fish reproduce by releasing eggs and sperm into the sea . 
for adjectives that end in a vowel  +  consonant we double the consonant . 
shall we change it to another day ? 
"writing for the five - member court majority ,  justice antonin scalia said the second amendment to the u . s .  constitution does protect the rights of individuals to own firearms for personal use . "
"the bureau is in the house ,  if they  .  .  . move towards black jack . "
"a hermit’s life ,  he says ,  is more anti - statist than a protest demonstration bristling with black flags . "
"both sides should give play to the role of groups of friendship ,  learn from each other ,  build up understanding and friendship and contribute to promoting all - round development of bilateral relations . "
"neves ,  who spent the week in portugal to negotiate with international operators interested in taking a stake in stp - airways ,  announced that the negotiations would be concluded in sao tome on october 16 ,  followed by the signing of the final agreement . "
you must take her to the grand cave . 
"i think it was charlie chaplin who said that close up ,  human life is tragic ,  but from a distance ,  it’s funny . "
"yet ,  when these hundreds of activists walked down the streets of cairo on tuesday ,  tens of thousands of apolitical citizens joined in . "
these are the rovers up here that you have on mars now . 
"if this is correct ,  then are we really living our lives to the fullest ? "
but the pattern of how the circuitry is designed does not . 
"right here , chuck , and i know what you ' re thinking . "
"i then buy all the products on my list ,  focusing on stores with good return policies .  for headphones ,  headroom is a great choice ,  and a lot of manufacturers  ( like audioengine )  have a 30 - day guarantee that is just perfect for this .  shop around and read return policies .  clothing stores like zappos are also really good about this . "
a major reason for the second interview is so the employer can see how well you fit in with the company culture . 
"we don ' t mean on the rocks ,  or with whiskey . "
they weren ' t very nice about my record . 
"the list was complied following a studycommissionedby outdoor clothing company helly hansen of 2 , 000 adults . "
"after that ,  everything theo sends us every month : "
my bones are aching .  i go from birth to death .  i ' m never satisfied . 
"salaries range from 4 , 000 yuan to more than 20 , 000 yuan per month . "
"beyond ember ,  the darkness goes on forever in all directions . "
"macau ,  china ,  29 jan–macau ' s unemployment rate in the fourth quarter of 2007 was unchanged at 2 . 9 percent of an active population estimated to total 323 , 000 ,  the region ' s statistics and census bureau said monday . "
"supporting material or other important info can be attached ,  but keep it separate from who you are ,  what your issue is ,  and what you want from me . "
now don ' t have a fit !  steady .  don ' t you want to know about the magic ? 
there ' s only a guard posted there on the weekends . 
"authentication ,  authorization and accounting  ( aaa )  protocols such as tacacs and radius were initially deployed to provide dial - up ppp and terminal server access . "
"as well as the island ' s largest municipal area ,  the chinese delegation also visited the village of cacha ço ,  the fishing towns of carrical and pregui ça ,  as well as the chanzinha municipal stadium and the ribeira brava valley . "
"we ' d be proud to have you ,  esco ' s gonna be wantin '  his dinner , "
"voting got off to a slow start in the uncontested presidential runoff poll in zimbabwe in which president robert mugabe is seeking to entrench himself as president for an another five years .  the outcome is unlikely to be recognized ,  even by mr .  mugabe ' s neighbors . "
the pair kept the  ' lucky '  bean and now plan to sell it on ebay for 500 pounds . 
i found this guy on the internet to spruce up my demo reel . 
"i ' m sorry ,  but this church means a great deal to him . "
"starting from a very young age ,  i knew what was warm . "
and those of you that have an iphone recognize the green center . 
rice also resorted to some almost comical end  -  runs around the spirit of the law . 
there was the excitement of fishing in country creeks with my grandpa on cloudy days . 
don ' t throw out your dirty water before you get in fresh . 
dustin white with the ohio valley environmental coalition and other environmental activists are critical of what they say is the lack of regulation of the powerful chemical and coal industries in west virginia . 
"69 .  for lack of a distinct culture ,  some places will be attractive to tourists any more .  consequently ,  the fast rise in the number of foreign tourists may eventually lead to the shrinking of the local tourism . "
what the hell do you want me to do ? 
"i guess you know what to do ,  i am you can not think irrelevant . "
"the new company did well at first ,  but then ran into trouble . "
"after supper ,  walking by the flowers and under the moon has a unique lingering charm . "
"we ' re in love ,  we trust each other ,  we ' ll never get divorced  -  who needs a prenup ?  it ' ll just spoil our relationship .  that ' s many chinese young people ' s thinking ,  though maybe not their parents '  . "
it was very brave of you to stand up and speak in front of all those people . 
you stayhere and keep your eyes peeled . 
"at this stage ,  your clutch is your enemy ,  steer clear of it ! "
standing with one palm erect :  to hold on to single  -  mindfulness and bring forth the bodhi resolve . 
"an  ' enormous number '  of trading companies entered the import space ,  often without much knowledge of wine ,  leading to  ' growing confusion .  ' "
leonid petrov is a korea expert with the australian national university . 
so you have to go back a few phases and start again . 
"if you want to terminate the contract before its terms is up ,  you should notify us of its cancellation six month before . "
"only fiber loss gained ,  signal will be transmitted very long without deformation . "
certainly this is not the first time that we ' ve had great progress with women . 
"but its revival should be welcomed ,  for it is probably essential to continued economic recovery ,  particularly in europe . "
and that has become the single most salient aspect
that we should have a similar process happening on the inside . 
but soso tsiskarishvili points to this week ' s visit to tbilisi by presidents of five countries that border russia as a sign that they do not trust the kremlin . 
you don ' t look likeyou ' re in the greatest shape either . 
there was the least quaver in her voice as she said this . 
"now ,  i don ' t think these guys are frl ' s or mahdi army…"
will you have a glass of sherry as partaker ?  . 
you ever see those girls gone wild videos ? 
"after a while ,  one of the students asked the teacher ,   "" why does the conductor keep waving his stick at the"
"so ,  first of all ,  what are we looking for ?  bright green city . "
"to access conversations ,  the fisa court had to issue a specific order . "
"and i ' m going to show you a bunch of dead ends ,  basically . "
there ' s absolutely nothing out of the ordinary happening here . 
the extraction mechanism and separation process of lanthanum and actinium were studied in hdehp  ( kerosene )   -  hno 3 system . 
"your father ,  for example ,  fought for england .  .  .  on the side of the goodies . "
"the skeleton young teachers in the religious field are the mothball strength of the representative in the religious field ,  in its growth course ,  because of getting the function of subjective factors ,  it occurs some common features ,  and holds the common regularity to be complied . "
"in march a senior agriculturalist ,  yuan longping ,  accused officials in some areas of exaggerating the size of grain reserves in order to get more subsidies for storing them . "
"globe trotter :  she has photographed over 200  ' switcheroos '  all over the world ,  including spain ,  japan ,  france ,  austria ,  mexico ,  canada and america . "
"he said ,   "" that way we could fulfill our affirmative action goals"
"it is well ,  you found the mesh ? "
"the children liked to stir the cake mixture about ,  making a wish . "
"to go back to the legal context ,  at the sally clark trial"
"the red soil of granite has the strongest strength of weathering , but the red soil of limestone the weakest . "
let me see that hat thing or whatever it is . 
many people would call valium a “sleeping pill” since it produces drowsiness . 
"and figure out which ones have died ,  and put all the new ones on the map . "
"oh ,  boy ,  now what do i do ? "
"you can ruin your computer ,  which is what i did because i spilled water on it . "
so how ' d you piss off terence wei ? 
these algal blooms create beautiful patterns that can stretch for hundreds of miles and trace the ocean ' s swirling currents . 
this idea of the way that people cobble together solutions in our life  -  - 
"we were not on the same path in the end ,  and i could not be your pride ,  even i was unable to lend a hand when you needed me . "
he stands alone against a dark red background while the mysterious movements of his hands conjure the music in and out of being . 
"ma ' am ,  may i introduce my nephew ,  lord nicholas devereaux . "
"so ,  what i ' ve got is a detailed description of him and his car . "
"conclusion :  the results reveal that season , bottom sediment , tide line and mangrove community were main factors that affect the community structure of marcrofauna . "
"newer materials ,  such as syton ,  are chemo  -  mechanical and are beginning to be used . "
"you know ,  it ' s one of the biggest countries in the world ,  one of the smallest . "
we would say he was struck by a car . 
" "" now i understand why there is braille on a drive - up atm machine .  "" "
people who doodle when they ' re exposed to verbal information
he has only himself to thank that he has lost his job . 
acidizing is common applied in stimulation in oil and water well . 
doesn ' t look much of a lake to me . 
"but there is just no information ,  it ' s just  -  -  it ' s just hypnosis . "
i came down here offering you an easy way out .  .  .  and you spit it right back in my fuckin `  face . 
"mom was a depression era kid .  investing was considered dangerous and risky .  in my early years ,  there wasn ' t a nickel to invest anyway .  hard work and responsibility were our fabric .  that ' s how you took care of yourself .  nothing else was even considered . "
"global consumption keeps rising ,  thanks largely to population growth in poorer countries . "
7 you would rather go on holiday with a person you are in a relationship with than a group of friends . 
"i was trying to convince the previous administration ,  the first bush administration ,  to go to the earth summit . "
nine of them have been sold to these individuals . 
"i hope  -  -  if you want to know more ,  you can read more . "
"she wasn ' t happy on the trip ,  but she had no other recourse than to string along with the group . "
"the school ' s director ,  yves neveu ,  says only half - jokingly ,  someone said the archbishop should be jealous because i ' m filling my church . "
"so if you don ' t pipe down ,  i ' m gonna yank your sac off like a paper towel . "
it is necessary that a person should provide against a raing day . 
wood or lumber from any of various gum trees especially the sweet gum . 
chronotropic action of the exercise test was detected in 68 who underwent performed coronary angiography  ( ca )  . 
i hopeyou ' re enjoying gone with the wind . 
reading loudly will greatly improve your fluency and concentration . 
"freud was eighty - three years old when he died of cancer in london on september twenty - third ,  nineteen thirty - nine . "
"if you look at it ,  you ' re going to be blind , "
"in multivariate analysis ,  absent pulses ,  neuropathy ,  increased age and deep ulcers were associated with poor healing . "
"however ,  in the process axiom disconnects itself from the data stream . "
"to do that ,  they need her to be conscious and responsive through the beginning of the operation process . "
"a cabal of corrupt corrections officers and members of the black guerrilla family gang enjoyed nearly free rein inside the baltimore city detention center ,  federal authorities allege ,  smuggling drugs and cellphones into the jail and having sexual relationships that left four guards pregnant . "
it ' s for sure  -  -  for me  -  -  it ' s the ultimate feeling
"for the vineyard of jehovah of hosts is the house of israel ,  and the men of judah ,  the plant of his good pleasure ;  and he expected justice ,  but instead ,  bloodshed ! "
"lack of calcium in women ,  especially pregnant women ,  would cause quadriplegia ,  ache ,  and clonus etc . "
"and you can change the rhythm  -  -  good ,  michael . "
all of this to capture me ? 
kettling v .  forcibly detaining demonstrators in cordoned off areas to prevent protests from boiling over . 
this is the only household in the development that uses diamond star cleaners . 
"it did not mean playing a harpsichord strung with modern steel ,  or fussy ornamentation as a piece was played . "
a number of delegations expressed concern over the resource level allocated to the servicing of the security council subsidiary bodies . 
he was only 20 at the time . 
"although some believe this is too  "" big brother ,  ""  these tactics  ( the financial equivalent of hiding the broccoli in the mac and cheese )  are a good thing .  they point to success stats like the huge lift in participation rates when a plan automatically enrolls -  -  and how that alone can help employees stash away more for retirement . "
"and then for the consumers ,  for everyone else in the audience , "
"and monday morning ,  i found out that he disappeared . "
"and wrote some notes to my family .  and then climbed back up again , "
how long is america going to pretend .  .  .  the world is not at war ? 
and she doesn ' t mind me telling this story  -  -  a friend came to see me last year
"they can be worn not only to class ,  but also to dinners or semi - formal events without raising any eyebrows . "
"virtually all radio and stations offer specific programs for disabled children ,  compounded with sign and captions . "
"allah will reward those in the garden with beautiful wives with wide ,  lovely eyes . "
"who knowswhen they ' re being conned ,  knows how to con . "
i know that cole feels the same way . 
americans spent nearly  $ 60 billion over the same holiday weekend last year . 
that we can try to do something truly extraordinary . 
"today ,  antique markets in china offer imitations for as little as a few yuan apiece . "
and the way that you know that the answer is dogs is
"you know ,  this is probably how the ocean looked here"
you had a smile on your face the whole time . 
"take note of their face ,  their enthusiasm and energy levels . "
will taking on this assignment cause harm to my other work ? 
"where the twenty - third psalm is rendered as ,   "" the lord is all that ,  "" "
this will help prevent making changes to files in the wrong view . 
"the new plant will consume around 3 million tons of coal per year ,  which will be supplied by rio grande mining company ,  companhia riograndense de minera ção ( crm )  . "
"but without ambition ,  and the competitive urge ,  we would all still be living in caves . "
"restrain growth season network game and advertisement service battalion ,  partial countervail of gross profit embellish glide . "
rain can leach out these chemicals and contaminate ground water beyond the landfill boundaries . 
"the delicacies include icy - spring bead soybean milk ,  guilinggao  ( medicinal drinks made from turtle shell and china root )  ,  fried paper - wrapped chicken ,  god pot ,  gruel in mini - boat ,  river snail ,  snake meat ,  menshan meatball ,  3 - yellow chicken ,  etc . "
"mr .  quilp was serenely gazing at the stars ,  quite absorbed in celestial contemplation . "
some thought it obscene and unsuitable for the young . 
"state grid veterans ,  too ,  are coming out in force against the ultra - high voltage plans . "
"he noted that a baked potato is not high in fat ,  but it becomes fatty when people add sour cream and butter to it . "
feminists focus on the living situation under the dominance of male chauvinism . 
"listen , i know it feels like it may be too late but gideon thinks we may be onto something . "
i just want you to know that . 
" "" learning english is not a subject for me ,  it ' s a tool to communicate ,  ""  ms shen said . "
i just wanted to see how my beers were doing . 
"everyone on this base ,  every one of you ,  is fighting for survival . "
"inside ,  he ' s like the rest ,  isn ' t he ? "
it would almost certainly refer to means of communication that involve the use of words . 
"i need photos and  $ 1 , 000 in advance . "
"fourth course :  filet mignons lili ,  saute of chicken ,  lyonnaise ,  vegetable marrow farci"
the seed bank in iraq and afghanistan .  you can guess why . 
and here i ' ve been working for the last three years
but this is one of the incredibly rare situations
am i to understand that you ' d rather not be keeping to the code then ? 
british government often says that furnishing children with access to the information superhighway is a top priority . 
"the people all responded together ,   "" we will do everything the lord has said .  ""  so moses brought their answer back to the lord . "
"after analyzing the problem of denoising systematically and deeply , we did our research work on spatial domain , frequency domain , temporal domain , color domain and wavelet domain respectively to decompress the noise in the video sequence . "
you ' re damn right .  .  .  but that ' s not what i called you about . 
"for the record ,  i ' m gonna be starting with john ' s idea . "
methods :  hepg 2 cells were stimulated directly by h 2o 2 .  hepg 2 cells were previously treated by 20 μmol / l pdtc for 2 hours before they were treated by 50 μmol / l h 2o 2 .  hepg 2 cells in various phases of cell cycle were treated by 50 μmol / l h 2o 2 .  the proliferation of hepg 2 cells was detected by mtt assay . 
"just for reference ,  this is a sleep tracking system from just a few years ago  -  - "
now i understand .  .  .  why tita nursed me so carefully . 
"i want to say this ,  you don ' t have a vote ,  but you do have a voice .  those voting ,  they ' re our friends ,  they ' re our neighbors ,  they ' re our family ,  you do have an influence .  so get on the phone ,  get together ,  email ,  tweet ,  speak ,  let me message ring out .  from manchester to motherwell ,  from pembrokeshire to perth ,  from belfast to bute ,  from us to the people of scotland ,  let the message be this :  we want you to stay !  think of what we ' ve done together ,  what we can do together ,  what we stand for together .  team gb ,  the winning team in the history of the world ,  let us stick together ,  for a winning future too . "
this shit makes me sick to my stomach . 
"no ,  it ' s got nothing to do with you . "
"likable people are more apt to be hired ,  get help at work ,  get useful information from others and have mistakes forgiven . "
"the rent is a bit high ,  but otherwise the house is satisfactory . "
"in addition to its geographic advantage , the motive force of guangdong economy should be supported by talents ,  especially those with enterprising spirit and ability to innovate . "
"well ,  wise up and try or struggle to make it clear that exercise won ' t be that tiresome .  it ' s only but a mental exercise . "
"across the country ,  college enrolment rates are at an all  -  time high . "
"and this is a passage that i just love ,  and would like to read for you . "
hamlet did not in the least want his mother to marry such a man . 
"celebrity guests include sir elton john ,  david and victoria beckham and rowan atkinson . "
"no worries ,  i know what she likes . "
"this project ,  which is due to begin this month ,  is expected to take six months and will be essentially carried out in cape verde by a team set up by portuguese technology company timestamp and by the operating nucleus of the information society ( nosi )  ,  a local body that is directly responsible to the cape verdean prime minister ' s office . "
public university systems are ruled over by government  -  run higher education boards . 
why don ' t you just scuttle off back to fucking cranford and play around with your tea and your cakes and your fucking horse cocks . 
"and to show that ,  you can put on the way of united arab emirate . "
"it ' s the thing you ' d like to avoid if you can ,  like to get a machine to do . "
"although there are no government figures for the cost of holding the exposition ,  the chinese official press points to a cost of some 30 billion reminbi . "
"through a series of typical tests and theoretical analyses ,  it is confirmed that it is unfeasible to ceaslessly increase the depth of influence when a soil foundation is reinforced with larger ramming energy . "
"for "" u ""  ,  "" w ""  and similar type tubes from 4 inches  ( nd 100 )  through 8 inches  ( nd 200 )  diameter uhf burners are part of a custom designed combustion system . "
"when chinese innovations look for inputs or consumers and they turn to these markets ,  they are likely to have as many opportunities as well - known u . s .  brands – perhaps even a better chance . "
"in this case ,  we only used 15 of the 60 acres of land , "
"portugal ' s wine exports to brazil exceeded those of italy ,  which had a market share of 11 . 59 percent in the fist half of the year . "
"like the one that marlon brando played in on the waterfront ,  an up - and - comer who ' s now a down - and - outer . "
"once again ,  he repeatedly addressed rice  -  known as  ' condi '  to her friends  -  as  ' leezza '  . "
"today the town is opened and it is great ,  because balaclava is an absolutely must - see place ! "
you will be facing a review from the office of professional responsibility . 
"if we reckon up the numbers of visitors to the exhibition for the past week  , we shall see a surprising total . "
dennis is a very unreliable worker and needs watching like a hawk . 
"me and him ,  we had the same kid . "
i may be able to help you in some way . 
"in christmas ,  where the food web is really trimmed down , "
"last year ,  more than six hundred seventy thousand foreign students attended an american college or university . "
"in any way ,  shape or form ?  raise your hand . "
"but the report is final ,  mrs .  collins . "
i wrote this song as sort of a statement about uncertainty and having a certain amount of anxiety about the future . 
"you were reading ,  and you fell asleep . "
"i aspire to their own lives as selfless as rain ,  all the better left to others ,  so sad and unhappy story will disappear . "
"recently ,  biotechnological revolution has happened in the whole world ,  and biotech industry will be a new dominant industry in 21st century . "
setting up the unit required an investment of around us $ 55 million . 
"there are already usb gps devices for tracking where you ’ve been but here’s another device that will instead keep track of what the temperature was ,  if for some reason you need to know . "
"meanwhile ,  his unit was lost and all records of him had been destroyed . "
"you may be wondering ,   "" how do you make artificial semen ?  "" "
"which is ridiculous ,  of course ,  but that ' s one of the excuses that managers give . "
i guess they will just have to wait until they climb the lily pad to find out where i have gone and what i have become . 
i have to take over the family business . 
"i will call her back up right now ,  and i will correct my mistake . "
that the solution had to be not just the head but the heart . 
sometimes there are no explanations and all you have to do is follow your heart and hope you made the right decision . 
"pardon me ,  i couldn ' t help but overhear . "
imagine what could teach the other books ! 
" "" the coordinated cut in interest rates is an important signal that the world will come together to deal with this economic problem and i believe that it has come at the right time to show that the action that we are taking and the action that the americans are taking and the action taken in other countries in europe is action that is designed to together solve the problem that we face ,  ""  said brown . "
this is a parchment music page that i found in a paris bookstall 50 years ago . 
"and clearly ,  with what ' s going on with fossil fuel usage , "
"for in time i will seek to test their resolve ,  and their strengths . "
"ron oliver :   "" the kids that never get it  -  -  like the thirty percent that always struggle on testing  -  -  they thrive in this kind of atmosphere  .  sometimes they just learn differently .  "" "
sugar exports rose from us $ 61 . 8 million to us $ 71 . 4 million and those of cotton rose from us $ 42 million to us $ 48 million . 
"and then you can see ,  eventually ,  they were able to get 10 in a row . "
"so that means ,  because of the tie - break rules .  .  .  he would have to beat one of us by three minutes on this puzzle . "
"the angolan government ,  via its oil minister ,  botelho de vasconcelos ,  has said that the minimum price to maintain stability in the sector is us $ 75 ,  which means that starting at this price the state will no longer need to use its foreign reserves to keep its public investments on track . "
"and each lesson in the story becomes a much deeper lesson about life and death ,  and finding the greatest spiritual meaning anytime we are facing our greatest adversities . ”"
i ' ve been watching you for a long time . 
"that if it did ,  then maybe we wouldn ' t see things like that . "
they ' re always nice before a storm . 
because it looked like something out of one of those books . 
"wu yunxin ,  director of the foreign student affairs office at tsinghua university ,  believes there are many reasons for the rise in overseas students since the financial crisis of 2008 . "
foreign direct investment ( fdi )  in cape verde fell sharply particularly in the categories of real estate investment (  - 36 . 9 percent year on year in december )  and investment by emigrants (  - 25 . 8 percent )  . 
"you are literally releasing the old energy within ,  and these energies of the past are often symbolized as wars ,  running to escape and boogeyman . "
miss russell will be pleased to hear of it . 
"because there is little commercial advantage to be gained by comparing the efficacy of the different varieties ,  no studies have done so in a useful way . "
"if your host chooses the non -  smoking section ,  you will have to excuse yourself from the table to smoke . "
"at this time ,  however ,  we do not know if it was the man - made hunt for the mastodons ,  mammoths and other large animals from the so - called megafauna ,  which caused them to become extinct and disappear . "
"well ,  why didn ' t you just say that ? "
our record of these is almost wholly confined to the papers which he kept and put in his box when he left trinity for london . 
"the enemy did ,  within a short time ,  begin a series of savage local attacks against the british first army in the north . "
"a map of the journey that the pigeon has just taken , "
"now ,  what if that picture links to all of your pictures ? "
"a slightly ribbed ,  woven fabric of silk ,  cotton ,  or rayon . "
mr kindler also wants his secretive researchers to open up and work more closely with outsiders . 
"during 199census ,  american census bureau organized a sampling survey for concluding experience of census to find out omitted or duplicated reasons belonging to people . "
a few concrete examples of how these principles combine
"he was talking about a meeting on a runway at 5 : 00 , but i don ' t know which airport . "
"i ' m sorry ,  but your story just doesn ' t hold water . "
drd4 encodes a receptor molecule for a neurotransmitter called dopamine . 
"maybe ,  by putting other electrical signals from a computer in the brain , "
and we ' ll do it by the end of the decade . 
"the international criminal court has issued an arrest warrant for the former first lady of ivory coast ,  simone gbagbo ,  for crimes against humanity during the country’s post - election crisis . "
"ma yimu ,  the executive editor in chief of the magazine ,  announced the dismissal monday on his microblog ,  saying ,   "" i cannot believe it .  i am confident we ' ll be back .  "" "
"yes ,  there is a reptilian at the end of the clip . "
research has shown that velvet antler helps to heal neural  ( nerve )  tissue . 
" "" moreover ,  a single vote using a forbidden fruit .  .  .  ""  earns a special bonus of 2 million . "
"in pakistan there is bank alfalah and dg khan ,  a cement company . "
"40 square kilometers ,  3000 hectares of fields ,  29000 inhabitants . "
i need an appointment asap to talk with you about the media contract . 
you ' re trying to keep them from me . 
"man :  i condemn my wretch the following day ,  swear never to drink any more ,  and never get my beloved wife suffer from this mess . "
lopes noted that the project was in its final phase of analysis and it was due to be applied in 2008 . 
"one that is true for the movie stars and the fictional characters , "
"what counts at matsushita ,  they learn ,  is knowing the customer and getting marketable products to the point of sale at minimum cost . "
"despite putting so much effort into part - time jobs ,  li didn’t abandon his studies . "
"and i ' d like to do a little collateral thinking ,  if you will , "
"if ,  after starting the work ,  the team gains knowledge that indicates that certain items will not fit in the release or in the iteration ,  this is a different situation  ( discussed in the next section )  . "
i have to speak to the minister of agriculture
"assistant team leader to check and keep well all site material ,  devices and working drawing . "
i feel that i am working below my abilities most of the time . 
"i mean ,  ain ' t like he called us porch monkeys . "
"in an interview with the financial times last week ,  roberto azevêdo ,  the wto director - general ,  said he had yet to detect signs of a significant recovery in global commerce in the first quarter of 2014 . "
"north field ,  in the island of tinian ,  in the marianas ,  2400 km to the south of japan . "
your lips can finish what your fingers have started . 
he really did take the train to camden . 
and so the net effect of all 250 of these strands is to fold
we held the meeting in praise of his good deed . 
"how did your parents treat you when you were a child ?  "" "
"this is a gentlemen ' s club ,  agent booth . "
so what ' d they tell you about the hillside ? 
"fifteen years earlier ,  i was a science journalist who people just laughed at"
this was an india that was adding more mobile phones per month
rain that dances had never seen a great bird like this so close . 
"but nevertheless ,  that ' s not what i ' m going to talk to you about tonight . "
"based on practicality ,  this paper introduces the basic concept of airhead ,  methods of superposing  "" real airhead ""  and  "" mapping airhead  ""  . "
y ' all motherfuckers need to learn how to earn your keep around here . 
previous south korean president roh moo - hyun ' s administration cited soaring corn prices as the reason it did not deliver the food during mr .  roh ' s term .  current south korean president lee myung - bak has made food aid contingent on progress by pyongyang in getting rid of its nuclear weapons and several other issues . 
so we can lay in bed and watch old black - and - white movies . 
acetate cellulose sheet electrophoresis and electric blotting proved it to be an α1  -  globulin . 
was to form a company where all the employees are my best friends . 
"work can be a stressful place ,  wherever you earn your living ,  whether in an office ,  a factory ,  or a school .  some stress is good .  it motivates us and makes us stronger .  too much stress is bad .  it makes us irrational and it can ,  quite literally ,  kill us .  fortunately ,  there are specific things you can do that will help you reduce your stress at work and better cope with it . "
could kay ' s letters strengthen the case against randy ? 
i don ' t know what  ' s wrong with me . 
"guo jingjing ' s alleged romance with kenneth fok ,  the grandson of late hong kong tycoon henry fok ,  has captured the imagination of a country that seems to have become as interested in the private lives of its athletes as in their athletic performances . "
would you please fill out this form while i prepare your key card for you ? 
open up a browser and jack into a little robot . 
"can ' t you and i strike out for ourselves ,  may ? "
"li :  i know ,  he ' s shut her up in that house and won ' t let her go .  she ' s his prisoner now .  .  . "
"the man was asleep ,  but he heard the words bread ,  temple ,  god ,  and he woke up . "
"ani ,  are you just gonna sit here and let him die ? "
"dementia is the name for the effects of alzheimer ' s disease ,  stroke and other brain disorders . "
"between you and me ,  i was dying to get out of that office . "
i need an operating room and a neurosurgeon . 
let them tell that to the soldiers who today .  .  .  are fighting hard in the far waters of the pacific . 
"conclusion :  the abnormal fetal heart rate monitoring during the first stage of labor associated with the fetal factors、the maternal factors .  it is very important to enhance the quality of the antenatal care , to emphasize the labor monitoring , to choose corret way of delivery . "
"so it probably even feels good for the insect , "
"vivo is controled by a joint venture between portugal telecom and telef ónica moviles .  it is brazil ' s biggest mobile operator ,  with a 31 . 1 percent market share in june and about 28 . 5 million customers . "
his first name is tom and his surname is green . 
the grace of our lord jesus christ be with your spirit .  amen . 
"the more shale gas america uses ,  the more local the energy business becomes . "
we are going to find ourselves more and more and more quickly
which maybe came from the shaved bit of the building . 
"your counter offer is much too low ,  especially considering the small amount of your order . "
"they ' ll say ,  i usually play for more money and it ' s hard to concentrate or i ' m just screwing around . "
"you know ,  i always did like you ,  laser . "
the policy tried to check the exponential growth of public expenditure . 
"you will not find it ,  and you will die . "
"relaxes body and mind ,  good for insomnia .  sooth and balance oily and acne  -  prone skin .  origin :  france . "
and he wasn ' t gonna get that as a fugitive . 
americans are considering national education standards recently developed by teachers and other education experts .  the national governors association and the council of chief state school officers led the effort . 
indoor air  -  cleaning spray is good for your brain and invigorating your vitality . 
"give me a torch :  i am not for this ambling ;  being but heavy ,  i will bear the light . "
"the program of public - private partnerships of which the three roads are a part totals some 4 . 7 billion euros ,  for around 3 , 000 kilometers of roads . "
but communist parties accuse the prime minister of putting washington ' s interests before that of his own people and say the pact will give the united states too much leverage on india ' s foreign and nuclear policy . 
"lee ,  what you doing down there ,  man ? "
getting very cold .  the northern hemisphere had massive growing ice sheets . 
"or consider night duty .  sustained sleep deprivation ,  as we know ,  consigns people to their own special league of misery .  but it ' s generally mothers ,  rather than fathers ,  who are halfway down the loonytown freeway to hysterical exhaustion ,  at least in the early years of parenting .  according to the american time use survey ,  women in dual - earner couples are three times more likely to report interrupted sleep if they have a child under the age of 1 ,  and stay - at - home mothers are six times as likely to get up with their children as are stay - at - home fathers . "
"i am very outgoing .  i love music ,  movies ,  outdoor acitivities ,  adventures and fast cars . "
"let me count the ways — or rather a few of the ways ,  because there are more howlers in the plan than i can cover in one column . "
"dont cry because it over ,  smile because it happed . "
i don ' t have much time for that . 
"and here it ' s a much nicer bedroom ,  you can see . "
"look ,  it is not going to work ;  you will never see your money back ; "
"jinshe written string ,  a  -  si  -  hua ,  a string . "
"a line ,  “line , ” chart is a chart that has lines that indicate ,  usually ,  how something is changing over time . "
"well ,  you know what i mean ,  ford . "
"and just explain to her that the law of attraction is ,  in fact ,  not a law . "
" ' your fingers are curled into your palm ,  but not all evenly ,  '  says edie adams ,  an ergonomist at microsoft . "
not having that blessing from someone they love may be the only thing holding them back . 
the spaceman flew through the galaxy at the speed of light . 
"no matter how careful you are ,  it’s impossible to cover all your tracks when having an affair–us general david petraeus found out the hard way . "
"so let us grieve for those we’ve lost ,  honor those who have sacrificed ,  and do our best to live up to the values we share – on this day ,  and every day that follows . "
"so maybe your soul is located ,  more or less ,  in the vicinity of your body . "
edinburgh left a lasting impression on arthur conan doyle  ( 1859  -  1930 )  . 
her parents tried to pair her off with a rich neighbour . 
"we can ' t afford any of that risk .  if they shut trade down on us as retribution for this ,  can you imagine the economic impact on our state ? "
filtering out sensitive data and re  -  routing it to a protected database . 
"this job is incredibly stressful ,  you know that ? "
"majority of malignant tumors showed a strong enhancement on the dynamic contrast enhanced mri and reach the peak at about 3 10 minutes ,  then the signal intensity gradually decreases while that of most tuberculomas fluctuates on one level . "
"this the first report of cytogenetic study of flag leaf position common wheat ,  triticum aestivum l . "
add this numbers together and give me the total . 
u . s .  vice president dick cheney has condemned russia ' s military operation in georgia as an illegitimate and unilateral attempt to change the country ' s borders by force . 
then you are being hilltop that red mountain azalea attracted bar ! 
"the plane you came in ,  cars ,  the seats that you ' re sitting on . "
we have the technology that ' s shown us where it is . 
sports fans could find that too little of such naughtiness is worse than too much . 
i want to deliberately interfere with his dopamine levels . 
"look ,  i overheard you talking to the other girls on your girls '  night and .  .  . "
"and then robert stirling came along with this genius idea , "
"so i spent about three trips to the three gorges dam , "
you have the right to consult with an attorney and to have one present during questioning . 
the students like to have fun .  and here you can see that it ' s
and today marks the wimbledon debut of american lizzie bradbury . 
"what kind of a bitch shows up where a guy ' s trying to get right ,  and sets him up to get shot at and thrown in jail ? "
"as carrefour is the world’s second - biggest retailer ,  it should have the clout to cut prices by more and for longer than any other supermarket chain in france . "
you ain ' t just walking up out here with that . 
i have to decide against your suggestion that the meeting be put off . 
"yet ,  when it comes to respecting the rights of a mass of anonymous individuals ,  we might not be so responsible . "
the problem is getting the immune system to pay attention to a molecule that is such a small target . 
"what i ' m going to do is look at five categories of experiments , "
"you could also schedule something social in the evening  ( perhaps meeting friends for a drink )  so that you can ' t get caught up in  "" just one more email ""  .  .  . "
construction of the new airport police station at chek lap kok was completed in november . 
"we did a story about it last night , remember ? "
"another 17 - year - old ,  da - xia sung ,  reportedly said  "" i have more interest for my cabbage than i do my parents .  i feel it understands me .  "" "
as a result he expects prices to hit  $ 100 next year and to average  $ 85 a barrel over the course of 2011 . 
"i was not at all embarrassed :   "" for my trousseau .  "" "
"and when you know ,  or even suspect you know ,  what you should be doing with your life ,  then do it !  take a wild leap in the dark if you have to . "
"although discover oneself also are put in sicken gene ,  dan bulin expresses to this hopeful . "
i want to end by applying the idea of middle world
"any solution ,  however ,  is hostage to the crisis of authority ,  creating a catch - 22 stalemate between perestroika and glasnost ,  between economics and politics :  any measure to shore up the economy only fans public anger and reduces the authority of the government . "
i can get over her because i am a red sox fan . 
their dna is to find the conditions that are conducive to life . 
the reports from rome disagree with those from milan . 
he says he expects law suits challenging the state’s new marriage equality law . 
"you know what you can tell him ,  buddy ? "
i ' m broke so can you lend me a quid to buy a cup of tea  -  please ? 
there is something dark and ugly in you that needs rectifying . 
just a little visit to the dump ! 
fast food is one of the most stressful environments .  .  .  because of the demands on you . 
the custom have impose a 10 %  tax increase on electrical item . 
"cabal :  no ,  generals ,  i will not alow that .  my survival is paramount . "
"so in some sense ,  the foot soldiers are a lot like the people"
a japanese scientist has developed a ' meat '  burger made out of human excrement . 
"we address the gods throught this ceremony the omen reflects a message from heaven therefore ,  the pheasant should be set to fly out from sacrifice"
he went into acafeteriain lower manhattan to get something to eat . 
"the most stable nucleus is iron ,  right in the middle of the periodic table . "
"to admit all this is ,  as it seems to me ,  to enter into the realms of miracle ,  and to leave those of science . "
but in return they get to bea lot thinner than i am . 
47 13 m m from the midpoint of supraorbital margin to the superior margin of optic foramen ; 
the turquoise color permeates the water late in the afternoon as the red rays of the setting sun spread out and grow weak . 
the reporter had an exclusive interview with the nobel prize winner . 
"so chaplain james o ' neill sat down and wrote a prayer beseeching the almighty to  "" grant us fair weather for battle  ""  . "
"i ' m sorry ,  i ' m nervous right now ,  because i really wanna help you guys ,  because i know i can do it . "
"in one building ,  and they had their protein data in another . "
"to date ,  christina has planned to make her living as a major league ballplayer ,  and you shouldn ' t count her out . "
and he slips into the audience and he tells him where the money is . 
you have no right to enforce your own views on me . 
"ekwefi and her daughter ,  ezinma ,  sat on a mat on the floor . "
a material obeying ohm ' s law is called an ohmic conductor or a linear conductor . 
i can only pick the one after the fourth draft . 
"keeping yourselves well ,  keeping yourselves healthy inside ,  is of paramount importance . "
the river teems with all kinds of fish in summer . 
"three months later , i was great with child . "
our greatest glory consinsts not in never failing but in rising every time we fall . 
net social spending rises to 27 . 2 %  of gdp—above the level in italy and denmark and higher than the oecd average . 
"gloria ,  then have the car dusted for prints . "
"hi ,  i ' m buck weston ,  king of sporting goods . "
you ' re here to corrupt one of my brightest and best
"for example ,  the  "" buy iceland ""  was from a media article . "
"jas .  3 : 15 this wisdom is not that which descends from above ,  but is earthly ,  soulish ,  demonic . "
do you think we can clean away all these finger marks ? 
"if her answers were all correct ,  she ' ll get a mark of one hundred per cent . "
we should form large internationally competitive companies and enterprise groups through market forces and policy guidance . 
"and i ' ve shown this to engineers at big companies ,  and they say"
"we all very matter of factly bought a pair of pants ,  put them on"
"so ,  it was always like ,  they called me kid david ,  because i was the kid . "
"judo had its origin in the ancient japanese art of jujitsu ,  a system of hand  -  to  -  hand combat . "
" "" brings men into such swift and close collision"
palestinian militants in the gaza strip have carried out a deadly cross - border raid . 
"then the nest maintenance workers work inside the nest , "
"in order to speed up the tourism development of zhangjiakou city ,  people should be fully aware of the significance of the tourism to the economic development ,  the social progress and the improvement of the people ' s living standard ,  and create a good public opinion atmosphere for the tourism . "
"and cantor decided he was going to take a line and erase the middle third of the line , "
"that was well chosen ,  i would say ,  for tedwomen . "
"i ' ll meet you on the landing ,  not in my room . "
"in addition ,  pick sunglasses that are comfortable and fit your face properly ,  because you ' ll be more inclined to wear them .  hutchings suggests that older adults may prefer larger ,  robust frames that are easier to handle with arthritic fingers . "
ca :  wow .  and so you ' re talking to people here at ted
"even these had moments of electric sexiness :  fast eddie in “the hustler” stroking a baize table ,  hud nibbling on a flower . "
"rebecca black ' s  "" friday ""  is one of the most popular videos of the year . "
holmes thinks that snobbery is the biggest obstacle to improving sales .  people undervalue salespeople . 
i heard that they fist fuck up to here . 
"antibiotics ,  along with our body ' s built  -  in defense mechanisms ,  can help us kill off those germs . "
"i thought i was a hard man ,  sir . "
we all should provide against the spread of h1n1 flu . 
he managed to swallow a little soup and dry toast . 
"the point is ,  of course ,  if you want to know about malaria , "
"in offset printing ,  other than a loose blanket ,  doubling usually happenbs in multi - colour press . "
"the schedule for the next few days is to visit education facilities on the islands of santiago ,  sao vicente and santo antao . "
i ain ' t got nowhere else to go . 
the heavy box strained the rope to a breaking point . 
"conclusion this method is a good way to repair serious soft tissue defects at legs because it does not injure important arteries of the leg ,  provides skin similar to the acceptor area ,  and enso…"
did the bachelor botch a batch badly baked biscuits ? 
that ' s why cancer is such a difficult disease to treat . 
south korea is third with about seventy two thousand students . 
so it can sense how much starlight or moonlight is hitting its back . 
"methods :  the supernatants of cultured cell lines h7402  ( human hepatocellular carcinoma )  ,  hct - 8  ( human colon carcinoma )  and hfcl  ( human bone marrow stromal cell )  were collected and used as the conditional culture medium  ( ccm )  for mnc - derived dc culture . "
but i ' ve been struck with a parallel in how people often talk about capitalism today
"but a look at his advisers ,  and his recent speeches ,  suggests a moderate approach . "
you the financing on that jansen investment ? 
"full of laughter and love ,  in a very close - knit family . "
he had markings that looked a bit like a mustache and goatee . 
we have a singaporean businessman who is now sponsoring a village
" "" not one single roadblock was lifted .  the israeli settlement policies did not stop ,  ""  he said .   "" israel continues to confiscate palestinian land and continue its settlement projects ;  continues to destroy palestinian homes ;  and the killing of palestinian individuals  -  that did not stop .  "" "
"we are a nation of christians and muslims ,  jews and hindus ,  and non  -  believers . "
i bought a pint of milk in the store . 
she came back to him towards evening with a newly plucked olive leaf in her beak . 
but hb aam rbc are decreasing as the concentration is decreasing . 
"opec ,  which is headquartered in vienna ( austria )  ,  currently has 11 members–algeria ,  saudi arabia ,  the united arab emirates ,  iraq ,  iran ,  libya ,  indonesia ,  nigeria ,  venezuela ,  kuwait and qatar . "
the trickle of retail  -  bank failures we saw in 2008 will become a flood . 
he duffed the golf ball because the club stroke the ground behind the ball before hitting it . 
i can hardly believe that so small a root can sprout so many mew branch with such beautiful blossom . 
"i got lucky on saint paddy ' s day ,  but she was half - asleep . "
"it ' s all right for you ,  standing around there chatting . "
there ' s this wonderful slot canyon that leads into petra
johannesburg is also known as the economic engine of southern africa and the trendsetter of south africa . 
"she ordered food on kfc official site and wrote down that she wanted a handsome man to deliver food to her ,  she wrote in the post . "
objective :  to study the esophageal dynamics in patients with reflux esophagitis  ( re )  . 
"and it ' s time , but you have to come now ! "
"a small street ,  alley ,  or courtyard on which such buildings stand . "
" "" he has come here as president of zimbabwe .  he will go home as president of zimbabwe ,  and when you visit zimbabwe ,  he will be there to see you as president of the people of zimbabwe ,  ""  said charamba . "
"ymir fed on the milk of the cow audhumbla ,  whose name ,  it may be observed ,  in the zendavesta ,  stands indifferently for "" cow ""  . "
"oh ,  don ' t make a maniac out of me . "
"you gotta call me back soon ,  arthur . "
"mr .  saito ,  this isn ' t yourtypical corporate espionage . "
we shot them all and had enough barbeque .  .  .  for the whole week ! 
angola ' s intention to promote a project of this size in guinea bissau is being seen as part of the country ' s intention to boost its influence in west africa and the gulf of guinea . 
"mini has built its brand by contriving numerous variations of the same thing ,  but the latest iteration -  -  the seventh in its lineup -  -  seemed to slice the sausage too thinly .  reviewers had a hard time figuring out for whom the tiny ,  high - style two - door was designed .  complaints focused on function ,  performance ,  and a price point that was  $ 1 , 500 higher than a mechanically similar countryman with four doors .   "" the paceman is no sports car ,  and the engine doesn ' t provide many thrills either ,  ""  said car and driver ,  which called it  "" a niche variation on a niche model within a niche brand .  ""  edmunds .  com advised that  "" it ' s safe to say you ' ll find cheaper and more practical transportation ""  with more traditional crossovers . "
" "" barack obama has displayed some impressive qualities ,  ""  he said .   "" but the question is whether this is a man who has what it takes to protect the united states from osama bin laden ,  al - qaida and other grave threats in the world .  "" "
what the hell is goin '  on ? 
she retails wine and beer to be consumed on the premises . 
if you can give things to people that they can manipulate
"the new laws were first proposed in 1999 following angola ' s joining of the international atomic energy agency ( iaea )  ,  parliamentary spokesman ventura de azevedo said . "
"what do you mean ,  won ' t talk to me ? "
the boy suffered terribly from hay fever in the summer . 
"owned mainly by south african and mauritius investors ,  some mozambican private investors and the mozambican state ,  with its new production line cim can produce a wide variety of cookies . "
"the brazilian company is involved in mozambique in the exploration of one of the world ' s largest coking and thermal coal deposits in moatize ,  in tete province ,  1700 kilometres north of the capital maputo . "
we often go pony  -  trek in the summer . 
"rehashing of the same things over and over again , "
"the idea first came to ms pesut ,  who works as a deejay and handles social media for a company in the entertainment business ,  while on a camping trip with friends . "
can you come by the office and talk to the lawyers ? 
"or ada ,  neither ,  you know what i ' m sayin '  ? "
"the concession contract ,  which is exclusive to timor telecom ,  was signed in july 2002 ,  and is valid for 15 years and renewable for a further 10 . "
"however ,  there are some key points in a jcc trace that we will discuss later that will help you to narrow down a problem . "
which happens in so many of the squares in the city  -  - 
to show them that you are no different than they are . 
"to figure out how to make women want to call you back ,  you might have to work on improving your humor ,  your personality ,  your appearance ,  or whatever . "
"when google finally lists ,  it will pay closer to 4 per cent because the offering will be worth more than bn . "
i gotta be back here by then . 
i got drawn into this community and i began to take pictures there . 
as the discussion got more and more heated aunt li also jumped in . 
"the deal to sell the trading business for up to  $ 700m should be agreed within coming weeks ,  according to people familiar with the process . "
"the latest credit line due to mature in 2008 ,  to the value of us $ 750 million ,  has almost been entirely used and angola has begun negotiations to renew it . "
but we ' re here chained to a fucking radiator because the oc has gone insane ! 
and we will start to know how to treat your disease . 
this account will give up twelve hundred dollars in any twenty - four hour period . 
"if you ' re still in your 20s ,  or even if you ' re not ,  i challenge you toimplementthe habits below into your daily routine ,  one at a time ,  starting today . "
so that any phone that a senior is already comfortable with
"it is possible ,  for those who really are willing to reckon on the power of the lord for keeping and victory ,  to lead a life in which his promises are taken as they stand and are found to be true . "
federal prosecutors have charged several people at the company including the founder with breaking anti - piracy laws . 
"kb :  ok .  now ,  steve ,  i ' m going to stand in front of the table , "
"through an introduction of the overall development of the documentary work as well as of the major archives and their characteristics ,  this paper tries ,  by comparison of the difference between chinese and russian scholars '  use of archives and documents in their researches ,  to demonstrate how to do our best to make the isolated ,  lifeless archives and documents into vivid and living materials . "
"in october 1997 ,  it was invited to participate in the fifth china arts festival in chengdu and gave two performances of the original dance medley suchness ,  attracting 2366 people . "
"according to the statement ,  investment funds have been raised by an issue of shares and convertible bonds on the norwegian stock market . "
"assume that every single person working  "" more than 40 hours a week ""  is working only 41 hours .  this gives you"
"once you pass the test ,  none of that ' s gonna matter . "
"this historic background provides the perfect material to create a blockbuster movie .  and feng is no stranger to using exciting elements ,  such as devastating natural disasters  ( as seen in aftershock )  and thrilling battle scenes  ( as seen in assembly )  . "
his credit suffered because he was dilatory in paying his bills . 
"jesus christ ,  lao tse tung ,  walt disney…"
maybe i can fax them to you later on today ? 
"the killing logarithm value of the natural bacteria on skin of hands of volunteers after wiping disinfection of their forearms and hands with the stock solution of the disinfection gel for 1 . 0 min was > 1 . 00 . after the disinfection gel in original packing was stored at constant termperature of 37℃ for 3 months , the contents of its active principles triclosan and ethanol decreased by 1 . 94 %  and 1 . 01 %  respectively . "
so many that charmin should figure out how to send out an army of their bears to distribute dream toilet paper – they could make a killing ! 
"with the primary battles over ,  barack obama is focused now on his republican opponent ,  john mccain ,  and the quest to become the first african  -  american president . "
"hey ,  how about those mets last night ? "
you can help me at the bottom . 
we human must give the future of earth to bioriod . 
"which was very rough and narrow as you first went in , "
"at least in what we think of as the ,  quote ,   "" developed world ""   -  - "
" "" the question in the president ' s mind has been ,   ' how do we make sure that we cement those gains and not jeopardize those gains ?  '  and be able to continue the process of  ' return on success .  '  he ' s obviously talking to his national security team and he ' ll be consulting with members of congress before we move forward ,  ""  she said . "
do you want a sweatshirt or something ? 
you and that rock almost ruined last night . 
they built them a lot smaller back then . 
"all of our proceeds .  .  .  go directly to  "" feed the hungry .  "" "
"i brought some beef broth for kate ,  and a family guy dvd . "
"with all due respect ,  sir ,  wayne manor is your house . "
"it will follow you ,  sleep beside you ,  and cling to your chest no matter what you do . "
i ' m afraid things are a little more complicated than that . 
"but with the then - u . s .  ambassador jon huntsman in attendance ,  a beijing court in mid - 2010 sentenced the geologist to eight years in prison for violating chinese state secrecy provisions . "
but if your planning on doing anything important you are going to have to get used to it . 
this huge sumo wrestler needed layers of sponge to carve its impressive form . 
"when i was a child ,  i always wanted to be a superhero . "
"but wait !  before you throw in the towel on trying to change careers ,  consider these six tried - and - true methods .  one of them ,  or some combination ,  might get you where you want to go . "
i stepped down to take a picture and i put my hand on my camera . 
the impact is also most severe where the pre - crisis excesses were greatest . 
"so here ' s a little pink one ,  a little pouf on his head . "
i ' ll let jim decide which way to send it afterwards .  ok . 
"god ,  it ' s so hard to chew  -  hard to chew . "
"even the name of the town suggests a more gentle pace :  guilin means “forest of osmanthus trees”—and osmanthus wait until fall to blossom ,  rather than bursting into flower in spring . "
"combining with the developments of modern technology ,  tailoring and redacting advices on are brought forward . "
so that is not going to be the path to go . 
"but it would be intelligent .  this one ' s been touched on before , "
"and caused a lot of losses ,  and we also have this new phenomenon , "
"you are a brilliant business partner ,  mr .  yanshu . "
down came two of our fighters into an open field behind the church . 
whatever i see or hear of a confidential nature or that is confided to me in my official capacity will be kept ever secret unless revelation is necessary in the performance of my duty . 
brian tong is senior editor of cnet . com .  the website reports on tech news and examines the latest electronic products . 
" "" that we ' ve fought all this way in order to come together .  "" "
and entertainment .  and this is a book on how to repair a transmission . 
"in the last week or so top leaders have weighed in on the issue ─ including communist party chief xi jinping ,  who met with graduates at a placement center ,  and premier li keqiang ,  who chaired a cabinet meeting zeroing in on the issue . "
"there is a fine early example in the exhibition showing a kneeling ,  near - naked barbarian with his hands tied behind his back . "
"if i tell them ,  they ' il buy it . "
"however ,  you might have a change of heart based on what i tell you . "
" "" perhaps he wore a monocle because he had something wrong with one eye ,  ""  charles said .  billy turned to face him ,  "" won ' t wash ,  ""  he said curtly . "
the queued traffic sees an increased response time since it spends some amount of time in a queue prior to being serviced . 
"speaking to portuguese news agency lusa friday ,  the president of the incm ,  salom ão manhi ça ,  said that his institute was still carrying out the study . "
a blackbody radiator will therefore appear black in all inertial frames . 
i think maybe i ' ve seen her recently . 
"the beggar then said sadly to him ,   "" my friend ,  why are you here ? "
the preparation and application of the ag  -  type inorganic antibacterial agents are reviewed . 
who will bring you joy when i ' m gone ? 
"if you don ' t raise your hand ,  you ' ll have had other shit too ,  come on . "
i ' il talk to you in a half hour . 
"children taste childish is weak ,  if be opposite fresh horsebean is sensitive ,  the poison after be being fed accumulate within body ,  the injury reaches taste ,  drag in courage . "
"in the process of emergency gate shutting in an orifice tunnel ,  big noise and strong vibration would be observed within the mid gate chamber . "
"mozilla is targeting emerging markets partly because it has a better chance of its alternative operating system catching on in places where people are trying smartphones for the first time .  mozilla essentially wants to put the word  "" open ""  back in  "" open source ,  ""  at a time when android bills itself as open source but is widely thought to be exploiting the term given ,  the control that google can still exert over how this sprawling platform is licensed . "
sister found out about the broken window . 
the secret to me makes it much worse . 
"the u . s .  ,  the oldest democracy in the modern world , "
juventus president giovanni cobolli gigli says they ' ll fight tooth  -  and  -  nail to hold onto star goalkeeper gigi buffon . 
you monkey around with something when you do not know what you are doing . 
"the latest attacks occurred thursday at the nation ' s main weapons complex ,  not far from islamabad .  dozens of people were killed and with scores seriously injured the death toll is expected to rise . "
"before assaulting them ,  though ,  use your artillery unit on one of them to get some points ,  then queue up a couple of air - to - air strikes . "
while talking to a woman take control of the conversation . 
rs 232 usage for sending and receiving data integrity of the code has been tested . 
objective :  to evaluate the results of freezed allogenous bone grafting for the treatment of hand enchondroma . 
"in other spheres of life ,  if people argued  -  -  well ,  except possibly for politics  -  - "
"experiments are done to verify the efficiency of the strategy by simulation ,  in the task of foraging .  the result shows that the strategy can decrease interferences ,  avoid deadlocks ,  and improve the whole performance remarkably . "
candidates for tenure may feel great pressure to get research published . 
this representation is made with full corporate authority and also responsibility the above stated buyer . 
"if you break a glass ,  do not pass the buck ,  admit that you did it . "
"differential protection linking piece :  the operator should set this linking piece on the “on” position under normal operation ,  then the differential protection is normally put into service ;  as the linking piece is set on the “off” position ,  the differential protection is out of service . "
we can take it even further though . 
"run ,  chase it in this broad field ,  you might like horses from the arrow  -  hyun . "
"jh :  the observation is ,  philip has been accused of looking like a character , "
"the results show that ticket - jack made from unsaturated polyester smc possesses a high specific strength , favorable adjustability of colors and graceful appearance , which desirably meet the demands of design and application . "
"please ,  don ' t make me walk so fast . "
"well ,  except they ' ve been pre - warned now ,  and they ' ll know you ' re making it up . "
"the annual inflation rate reached 3 . 2 %  in march ,  its highest level for 17 years . "
"“men in china are expected to be well - established in a career at 30 and women should be worried if they are still single at that age , ” said li ,  who studied in the us for 12 years before returning in 2007 .  “to many this seems less attractive than western culture which encourages more diversified lifestyles . ”"
vertical u  -  tubes are usually used as underground heat exchangers in ground  -  coupled heat pumps  ( gchp )  . 
"she ' s supposedly clean now ,  but -  she obviously cares for him . "
"and besides ,  you don’t want me blowing your blissful vacation high by clutching my smartphone in the chaise lounge next to yours ,  do you ? "
"the requirments ,  mothds and techniques of regeneration air cleaner on regeneration devices are been introduced too . "
they show us filter paper they ' ve used to collect the animals '  blood . 
just run it  -  do you really think it ' s pierce ? 
"yeah ,  well ,  usually it moves out of my way . "
the sergeant said he was advised that authorities there would follow up to determine if mr .  alexis was a naval - base contractor . 
the doctor is doing surgical operation for her . 
"this loyalty of yours inspires you to protect spain at any cost ,  but killing the inquisitor is suicide . "
"most of the terms remain hard to tie down ,  although there is a consensus that about ten stars are formed per year in the galaxy . "
"was a collection of things .  i ' m just going to go skim through a few things , "
everybody is pissed off  ( with all the changes of plan )  . 
"these range from tracking wikipedia edits to monitoring traffic with roadside cameras .  the only proposals mr matheny will not consider are those designed to forecast conflict in america itself ,  and those that rely on monitoring particular individuals ,  whether in america or elsewhere . "
"so i listened to the most literal translation of that and i just did it ,  already . "
"i don ' t have a tuberculoma ,  do i ? "
"having a sense of purpose and striving towards goals gives life meaning ,  direction and satisfaction . "
i know the people who worked on the treo . 
"wife :  yes ,  dear ,  s 6 a m .  you have to hurry up and get dressed . "
"well ,  we still haven ' t gotten your name . "
do you feel you ' re not important enough for us to discuss you ? 
"the owner of the palace smiledcontemptuously ,   "" do you think it is heaven here ? "
"so - called silicon ,  or solid - state ,  readers rely on tiny capacitors that sense a fingertip ' s topography . "
"if you were the sort of person who fretted unduly about work ,  he said ,  you shouldn’t be the chief executive of a big company . "
what the hell did you do that for ? 
"you lived through it ,  time to move on and ask out some more guys ! "
"you don ' t see a description of how ,  you know , "
"in school you often ,  especially in a literature class ,  we ' ll have to write essays and papers ,  usually you start with a first draft . "
"in 2004 brazilian president luiz in ácio lula da silva ,  on an official visit to china ,  signed an agreement allowing chinese tourists to visit brazil . "
"the plan was to hack into the computer systems of the giant taiwanese contract manufacturer ,  which assembles many of the world’s best - selling electronic gadgets ,  such as apple’s iphones . "
"if i ' m here today ,  i ' m here not only as sunitha krishnan . "
"has john james audubon ,  the painter ,  sitting on the rock . "
"the couple are now preparing to split ,  despite the ties they forged over nearly eight decades – they have five children ,  a dozen grandchildren and one great - grand child . "
"i suppose they had me act or read something .  .  .  maybe they gave me a small scene ,  the typical things they have you do at an audition . "
"look for creams containing caffeine ,  which will further decrease any swelling . "
she said that the two men needed a women who had a registered hukou in shanghai . 
"now ,  this brings us to the sorts of moves"
"he used to hunt wolves ,  now he shoots fascists . "
"we ' re very tired ,  having traveled from london in a day . "
"i know ,  but the lack of respect really hurts . "
the alternative is that the big bang wasn ' t the beginning . 
"but the way you use it is you lay it on its back , "
"so the list of ingredients does tell you something , "
"the denmark pavilion called  "" welfairytales ""   -  a blend of the words  "" welfare ""  and  "" fairy tales ""   -  showcases a fairy tale world with the little mermaid ,  the country ' s symbol ,  set to make her first visit to shanghai . "
"ln case i don ' t see you before saturday ,  happy birthday . "
mr .  romney has said his first foreign trip as president would be to israel . 
"another opportunity which somague is looking at in china is the environment ,  at a time when in the asian giant“the effects of rapid industrialization area appearing ,  ”in terms of pollution ,  he said . "
this is because the latter can import a substantial part of the stimulus introduced by the former . 
"on the fifth of december 1985 ,  a bottle of 1787 lafitte was sold"
"well ,  i don ' t really relate to that . "
zno nanowires and nanorods were synthesized via a cvd process in a horizontal tube furnace . 
"the photopolymerization of aerylamide  ( am )  initiated with n ,  n  -  dimethyltoluidine  ( dmt )  has been studied . "
"rare birds yearbook 2008 is proving to be a great success .  selling well ,  garnering great reviews and providing essential funds for birdlife international . "
"verma said she knew she was expected to accept all of her husbands ,  as her own mother had also been married to three brothers . "
"and that is a room that was built for a woman named nancy wilson , "
a district or configuration of districts differing widely in size or population because of gerrymandering . 
neptali segovia who works for the newspaper ultimas noticias denies using his crosswords to inside the murder of president hugo chavez’s brother adan . 
"the capital structure of the u . s .  health care system , "
"well ,  it ' s one of the most complicated things in the universe .  that ' s not true . "
contact resistance of the interface is a mostly parameter of assessing the capability of contact point . 
"japan invaded and occupied the xisha islands during the second world war .  after japan ' s surrender in 1945 ,  in accordance with a series of international documents ,  the chinese government sent senior officials boarding military vessels to the xisha islands in november 1946 to hold the ceremony for receiving the islands ,  and a stone tablet was erected to commemorate the handover and troops were stationed there afterwards .  the xisha islands ,  which had once been illegally occupied by a foreign country ,  were thus returned to the jurisdiction of the chinese government . "
"are those 69 patients  -  -  by the way ,  you ' ll notice"
wish of tiamat ti + am + at increases earth golem level .  increases summon demon level . 
"for each individual tries ,  in every choice ,  to pursue his highest  -  ranking end ;  he foregoes or sacrifices the other ,  lower  -  ranking ,  ends that he could have satisfied with the resources available . "
all other logos and trademarks are property of their respected parties . 
"in america the restart internet addiction recovery program claims to treat internet addiction ,  gaming addiction ,  and even “texting addiction” . "
and you see that patient now six months after
they told me they lined up something special . 
"you guys are often called  "" dan ""  so it ' s worth a punt . "
"and so ,  that decision to work with his friends  -  - "
but i never thought either of them was foolish enough to join the klan ! 
"speaking to angolan news agency ,  angpop ,  victor said that the company ' s fourth oven ,  which would go online in 2007 ,  represented an investment of more than us $ 100 million . "
"every time he has visitors ,  it ' s the first place that he takes them . "
"the result is a “russian  -  doll ” droplet that ,  if the correct oily and aqueous liquids are chosen ,  can be made permanent by curing some of its layers into transparent polymers using ultraviolet light . "
sean devine and his partner went by and saw dave boyle . 
"tomorrow ,  we ' il find somebody who works upstairs in those rooms ,  okay ? "
"although the pay was not high – 200 yuan per month on average – zeng managed to expand her campus connections .  the job also helped the then - freshman to quickly adapt to campus life and learn about the university as she read the articles written by upperclassmen .  most importantly ,  tencent would reward the top pengyou .  com administrators with a summer internship . "
"the long - standing assumption that with the state ' s blessing ,  the destinies of entire industries，"
i recommend to friends and relatives that buy a counterfeit product . 
now i understand what happened to those other detectives . 
"ca :  i mean ,  what would it take to persuade our culture to downplay it ? "
i have nothing to add to my earlier statement . 
fernando meira ' s assured displays dispelled fears that jorge andrade was irreplaceable and proved that there is strength in depth . 
"and bringing those two together might seem a very daunting task , "
but let me just read you a couple of random passages from page 217 . 
"derek amato ,  from denver ,  colorado ,  is just one of 30 people in the entire world suffering from acquired savant syndrome ,  where people display profound abilities after suffering head trauma . "
"i mean ,  if you ' re not paul vitti  "" the boss ,  ""  who are you ? "
"the ratio of erection at dawn was 62 %  before the operations ,  69 %  ,  72 %  and 82 %  after the operations 3 ,  6 and 12 months . "
"the capture will only take a moment ,  and then will open in a new tab ,  complete with tools to help you annotate your screenshot . "
"if i killed her ,  i know it ' s a trap . "
" "" many states do not have a framework of rules under which they would export or import weapons and that is very much needed because we see that the old structure in the world ,  where you have a few producers and many recipients of arms ,  do not count anymore .  for instance ,  we see in the field of small arms that there are now more than 100 countries that produce arms ,  ""  he said . "
"for nonhuggers ,  there are some defensive maneuvers .  deflect :  keep something  ( a desk ,  a table ,  a co - worker )  between you and the serial hugger until the moment passes .  deny :   ' sorry ,  i ' m not much of a hugger .  '  resist :  take physical control with a stiff handshake and firm elbow that keeps personal space intact .  escape :  find something that requires your immediate attention .  if nothing comes to mind ,  drop your cellphone .  lie :   ' i really don ' t want you to catch this cold i have .  '  or when diversion isn ' t feasible and escape is impossible ,  accept the hug with an icy response and hope that the hugger remembers . "
i hardly have enough money to keep body and soul together . 
"when your intentions are supported by a ‘why '  that has meaning ,  you will find a way to bring them to life . "
the cabinet comes with locks and key and is shaped like a cube . 
professor daniel kruger of the university of michigan said the study could be the answer to why there was so much conflict when couples shopped together . 
this article will investigate the mobility of human resources between industrial sections under the background of system re form by combining the employment structure transformation and economic system t ransformation . 
"decomposition of a compound by stages ,  exhibiting well - defined intermediate products . "
kenyan police officers prepare to burn cigarettes smuggled across the border . 
can we get you something to drink ? 
"if your hot flashes become particularly bothersome ,  treatment options are available . "
the smoke will cause much damage to people when a fire breaks in an underground building . 
"the unit includes pay - off reel ,  paper coiler ,  roll cutter ,  recoiler . "
"and reclaim their faith ,  which they feel ,  as i say ,  has been hijacked . "
the gorilla is something of a paradox in the african scene . 
"i am determinedto have this wall finished so when the late sun hits it ,  we can watch it catch fire . "
"is precisely as a result of these two reasons ,  causes a pair of happy life on such losing in the historical gunsmoke ,  for people by infinite thinking deeply with disconsolate ,  thus said it indeed is the destiny tragedy ! "
"check out our gallery of miss hathaway ' s style journey from elegant on the red carpet ,  tosleekon the street ,  with one or twomishapsalong the way ! "
but mr .  bush told the economic club of new york that he is optimistic because economic fundamentals remain strong and the federal government is acting to ensure that the economy is flexible enough to adjust to adversity and strong enough to attract capital . 
"“what happened  ? ” she asks me ,  and i begin to explain . "
the western hemisphere refers to north and south america . 
none of the things you will see in this particular video are trained . 
"why is it that i am always into such crazed ,  hare - brained projects ? "
the belittling person must grwo in self  -  respect before talent will be discovered . 
a baby ' s cry can be expressive of hunger or pain . 
is there not a point where a doctor should hand jack the ripper over to the police and a lawyer refuse to suppress the bloodstained evidence that proves his client a torturer ? 
this time i am giving it to you for keeps . 
"using several words instead of one means an attacker has to guess more letters ,  which creates more security—but only if the phrase chosen is not one likely to turn up ,  through familiar usage ,  in a dictionary of phrases . "
"is that the great thing for chefs ,  the great blessing for chefs , "
then i ' il be a senior wilderness explorer ! 
you ' il only have a few minutes left . 
"and the sign in the bathroom says that employees must wash after using the facilities ,  but i figure that somebody who wipes snot on a sleeve isn ' t hyperconcerned about sanitary conditions . "
we ' re close to breaking this wide open . 
either no one told me .  .  .   -  .  .  . or no one knows . 
"a day ,  the reporter comes in the home of comrade zhou bingde as agreed upon . "
as an egyptian - lebanese - syrian american with a persian name  -  - 
and so this is one of the great challenges that is going to happen . 
"sonic booms are measured in pounds per square foot of overpressure .  this is the amount of the increase over the normal atmospheric pressure which surrounds us  ( 2 , 116 psf /  14  . 7 psi )  . "
he wants planning permission where the law won ' t allow . 
seems like someone objected to the union and wasn ' t able to hold their peace . 
the problem of shifting comparisons is even more difficult
why don ' t i go and have a try
i didn ' t get thrown out of the building . 
"from about 450 ad until the 11th century ,  various foreigners invaded england ,  bringing their language with them . "
this is of course out of the hardcore desert area . 
"before the deployment of weather satellites ,  many areas had no advance warning of impending severe storms . "
"no ,  mother ,  of course i ' ve not fallen in love with him . "
this recipe has been proven to be effective at alleviating sleeping problems and rejuvenating the body . 
"it ' s easy to see leroy getting the check ,  right ? "
"a therapist begins with a brief introduction showing what the robot can do — here ' s how the head and arms move ,  how the bubble blower works . "
 ( facebook notes that people can opt out of the photo - tagging service by altering their privacy settings .  ) 
"brangwen went about at his work ,  heavy ,  his heart heavy as the sodden earth . "
this filling cap will go very snugly into an old bicycle tube . 
this is going to be the worst book ever written . 
perhaps it ' s a basketball player taking an in - bounds pass with just seconds left on the clock .  he squares towards the basket and fires up a shot that ' s still airborne when the buzzer sounds . 
"ifl had a dick ,  l´d go get laid . "
"when mice are faced with many different foods to choose from ,  they too cannot help but overeat . "
that they have some sort of cloaking device . 
"tell me something if you only remember some of the boys '  names ,  how come you remember his full name ? "
"brasilia ,  brazil ,  2 dec–the governments of brazil and china are due this week to ratify a protocol that will make trade of pork meat easier between the two countries ,  the brazilian ministry of agriculture said in brasilia monday . "
"not after you ' ve heard it for 30 years ,  ida . "
do you think you can just build a prison of memories to lock her in ? 
let ' s not invite dick to the dance  -  he is such a wet blanket with that sour look on his face and his boring talk . 
i started to eat too much out of sheer boredom . 
they were about to fight when their father intervened . 
don ' t release the news the public until we give you the go  -  ahead . 
"so ,  what ' s in your hand ?  ""  i said ,   "" it ' s a basketball , "
lunch will be ready in less than an hour . 
did i mention i slept with a dea agent last night ? 
"these two seem the same ,  but in fact it is not so . "
problems of forest fires .  second item on my checklist : 
how can two people who don ' t trust each get married ? 
"that totally isn ' t what i meant ,  stupid . "
but i was not the only one there who had that reaction . 
and i ' m going to say a few words about each one this morning . 
we finish the art museum ;  we put all the mechanical equipment in it ; 
"the chinese government pledged to ban shark fin products from government banquets in late june ,  but the regulation is expected to take three years to release officially . "
" ( 4 )  the plug seedlings of maidenhair are treated with pp333 of differentconcentrations by spraying in different periods .  their effective and safeconcentrations are 10～30 mg / l in pre - emergence ,  30 mg / l in the stage ofcotyledon ,  10～60 mg / l in the stage of one pair of leaves and 15～60 mg / l inthe stage of two pairs of leaves .  among of them ,  the optimal treatment is 30mg / l in pre - emergence . "
"given their role in the 2008 meltdown ,  and their subsequent branding as toxic sludge ,  it is not surprising that securitised financial products have had a quiet few years . "
and we added a floor and cleaned it up and fixed it up
how long it will take for any es cell therapies to tested in humans will determined as much politics as the remaining scientific questions  [ see box on preceding page ]  . 
the first camel or horse  -  -  depending on the culture . 
you ain ' t gonna see an image brighter than this . 
"life is your school ,  and the lessons are dressed up as your everyday incidences . "
"face round ,  please ,  so that i can cut your hair at the back . "
the cheerful girl with bouncy golden curls was almost five . 
"you ' ve got to think ,  and i ' m going to ask you some questions . "
"whoever dropped this thing is still walking around in here ,  and we ' d better get the fuck out of this cave .  ' "
he wants us to score with his wife . 
"the water has penetrated into the bedroom ,  so there must be a hole in the roof . "
it is my honor .  .  .  to present this .  .  .  unique medical phenomenon . 
the optimal throw of the dice is to bandy them abroad . 
"mr moelis has proved adept at surviving crises ,  but the banks he has worked for have not all been so fortunate . "
thailand topped the chart for being a good place to make friends and enjoy an active social life . 
you ' re lying ona stainless steel table for dead people . 
i am not used to being with so many stupid people . 
"now let ' s go back to your first novel ,  rag doll . "
"samaranch has been characterized as “dictatorial . ” a despot ruling over a born undemocratic ,  self - appointed body that lacks the normal financial controls of a multinational corporation . "
"if you must use over - the - top adjectives to describe yourself ,  at least spare us the further modification .  trust us ;  we already get it . "
tom timed his journey so that he would be home before dark . 
"the robber was described as hispanic ,  about 5 - foot - 7 ,  and 150 pounds .  he wore black pants ,  a red shirt and a red baseball hat . "
i ' m interested in the phenomenon that ' s taking place in here . 
five millions  -  -  ten millions  -  -  twenty  -  -  thirty  -  -  was there never to be an end ? 
and see for yourself how we have done it . 
has there been evidence stolen from the depository ? 
"okay brandi ,  i ' m gonna lay out a scenario for you . "
"lindsay giambattista ' s dream doesn ' t stop here .  she hopes taylor ' s closet will move into a bigger space where they can also have a warehouse and a café .  she ' d also like to see similar stores open ,  eventually ,  across the country and all over the world . "
this situation is similar to the crisis in ukraine that forced president viktor yanukovych to flee the country and culminated in russia ' s takeover of crimea . 
"no no no ,  he fucked our mission ! "
"what will be clear for the entire world to see is that russia is increasingly isolated ,  said rice . "
not the fun m . s . with the balloons and the bike rides for cripples in wheelchairs . 
secondly your evaluation of the horse is high . 
"yeah ,  man ,  no reason to fight over this ,  all right ? "
"webelieveinjesus christ ,  his only son ,  our lord -  - "
"farms that are located in deep ,  well - flushed waters can usually avoid creating risks for the water quality of benthic communities . "
jill wasn ' t right for you and you know it . 
"because the consumer ,  all of us ,  in our daily lives , "
"if he were man with honor ,  you would live . "
i almost had the condom on my dick . 
"we can save half the oil by using it more efficiently , "
"we have to flee our women and children ,  we have to run .  "" "
into the brain so that the neurons cannot understand each other . 
the makers have recalled a lot of unsafe cars . 
"kim jong il ,  in contrast ,  appears to the chinese as unpredictable and elusive . "
"that motion is so important for the human visual system , "
we came up with something  -  -  the ten commandments :  thou shalt not kill . 
i no longer worry before trying out new software . 
they say he has never had a woman . 
we ' il catch them on their rear flank . 
is to seal itself off from the rest of the body . 
"in november 2006 in beijing ,  at the summit of heads of state and leaders of the forum on china - africa cooperation ,  hu promised that in the three years following five economic cooperation zones in africa would be established ,  to strengthen what he called“the sino - african partnership . ”"
which you ' d like to do because you ' re feeling guilty . 
rifts among israel ' s leaders over the conflict are appearing to deepen . 
become a nation that strives for security above all else ? 
a blackjack table is a place in the casino where they play blackjack . 
"in november 1996 ,  seventeen year - old jeni wendorf came home one night to discover the bodies of her parents ruth and rick wendorf savagely beaten to death . "
"anionic functional finish and the finished fabrics used in home life will generate anions continuously ,  which neutralize the cations in the air ,  purify the air ,  promote the blood circulation ,  and yield the bactericidal ,  deodorant and far ir heat - storage effects . "
"the following year ,  gaddafi and rice had an opportunity to meet when the secretary of state paid a historic visit to libya  -  one that made steps toward normalising relations after the united states went decades without an ambassador in tripoli . "
it was a present that i gave to sophie . 
countries that depend heavily on output and exports of commodities whose markets are volatile are all too familiar with the cycles these can create . 
" "" it really does reflect a split ,  and maybe a split that could widen and deepen and become a real fissure within pakistani policymaking and strategy ,  ""  he said . "
"and my - my - my wife ,  just as things are starting to get good .  .  .  now i ' ve got to medicate her .  .  .  because .  .  .  becauseyou crossed the line . "
"he saved 800 lives ,  including your mother ' s and yours . "
"the application including const  -  ruction equipment ,  refuse truck ,  agriculture machines ,  plastic machines ,  steel industries etc . "
this is how we envision it would be in a residential installation : 
"that she would be a natural to get children to read ,  which misses the point completely . "
"as a bonus we wanted to give you a quick look at the weapons the correctional officers in san quentin carry .  on the ground ,  none of the officers have guns .  those are reserved for the guys up high ,  where the prisoners wouldn ' t be able to get them .  the men on the ground have to hope they can blow that whistle in time and that their compatriots up top are on their game .  the multi - round launcher is capable not only of shooting those gargantuan rubber bullets you see in the video ,  but also of firing teargas grenades and other projectiles .  you really don ' t want to be on the receiving end of any of these . "
"the strain rate distribution with different diameter and rbhs was simulated by fem ,  it indicates :  during the deform processing with any rbhs ,  the max point of strain rate is always at the top point of the sample . "
"when aaa ratings are awarded ,  investors will in any case derive less comfort from them . "
i have the distance and bearing which were provided by commander uhura . 
now go and call off that fake telephone call . 
"if so many citizens tolerate violence and crime ,  or even commit crimes themselves ,  it may simply be because of the human mind . "
there are just milestones along the way of some remarkable things . 
"after decades of support for international terrorists ,  qaddafi ' s libya had become synonymous with disregard for international law  -  -  the archetypal rogue regime . "
"does it make you feel kind of empty ,  too ? "
no one is ever really ready for paranoid park . 
"do you want ,  like ,  a magazine or something ? "
"in the light of the basic principles of aesthetic theory , this paer expounds the majestic , scientific , lofty , resourceful and plain beauty carried by deng xiao - ping theory , so as to help correctly understand and grasp the elegant essence and demeanor of the theory . "
what ' s your position on people who have chimps as pets ? 
"is that a  "" j ""  or a  "" g ""  ? "
" "" the writer ' s primary purpose of employing a series of myth imagoes which symbolize death and represent demon in the hell is to allude to that "" deteriorated demonic history ""  and to expose the evil - ridden and justice - void society under the rule of german nazi .  "" "
"humanity needs more than one home because ,  with all our eggs in one basket ,  we are at risk of low  -  probability but high  -  consequence catastrophes like asteroid strikes ,  nuclear war or bioterrorism . "
this episode is called “picking up a rental car . ”
"stephen morrison is co - director of the africa program at the center for strategic and international studies ,  a private policy research group in washington .   "" in both cases ,  the emphasis on pepfar and pmi is both to reassure the african audience that these commitments are going to be sustained and to assuage doubt as we look towards the end of this administration ,  but also to play back to an american audience about the payback and the value of all of this ,  ""  morrison said . "
"to determine the flexural center , a number of lattices that approach in shape the givenboundaries should first be chosen and an appropriate non - orthogonal coordinate systemtaken .  then , after difference schemes are derived with the help of loop integrals in themesh region , solutions are found by a direct method for the sets of symmetric bond typelinear algebraic equations obtained and the romberg ' s formula is used to numerically inte -  grate the functional values of the mesh points . "
i propose that we build a robot - child who can love . 
but then the inevitable erosion of some of their privileges has barely begun . 
"how do i ,  as the narrator ,  as the writer ,  also influence that ? "
with pool and billiards on the rise with olympic recognition .  and even more television exposure thanks to the wpba ;  allison fisher continues to be at the top of her game . 
i bet that commie doctor fixed you up good . 
"dr french ,  what are you doing here ? "
the information about idle code and code segment can not be efficiently managed ; 
"lisbon ,  portugal ,  23 june–macau businessman ,  stanley ho said thursday in lisbon in an interview with portuguese news agency lusa ,  that he wants to begin mining operations and oil and gas drilling in angola and mozambique ,  in order to supply the growing needs of chinese companies . "
"okay ,  see ?  it ' s done .  it ' s almost done .  here we go . "
click lens to f  /  16 setting .  repeat entire process . 
the hawaiians called this harbor wai momi . 
"when someone sends you a note or card ,  always capture the return mailing address . "
"well ,  it ' s just the start of the bad news . "
"life always has many things to bring you down .  however ,  what can really bring you down is your attitude . "
it is noticeable that both high income and non  -  high income people share this top tourism product . 
"the interior ministry in ukraine says one of its helicopters has crashed ,  killing 5 people on board . "
"we finished ps 234 ,  and had dinner with a small group . "
" # and where are you ,  my angel ,  now ? "
"on november 8 ,  aero - lb ,  a company owned by tap ,  geocapital ,  owned by macau gaming tycoon stanley ho ,  and a brazilian investment fund ,  made the offer to buy the two companies . "
so did you have sex with her ? 
the score of nc in 36～ year group was highest  ( p  &  lt ;  0 . 001 )  . 
"we are learning more about this deadly car explosion , "
as i walk out of the house from my wi - fi hotspot
when did the randoms  -  -  when did the friends take off
"“we feel pressure everywhere .  we need something to amuse us , ” said fan chaowen ,  27 ,  a sales manager in a trade company in shanghai .  he has been following the post since the holiday . "
"all red dots resemble those patches ,  which are not visible from that location . "
all of us need to be considered according to our real nature . 
no player can rejoin the game after being replaced by a substitute . 
the liver has been called the antechamber of the heart because it collects and processes all of the gastrointestinal blood through the portal vein and delivers it to the right side of the heart . 
"so it gives you an idea of scale .  now ,  it ' s expanding very rapidly  -  - "
i ' ve tried to smoke it out of that death land where it lives . 
"just keep editing ,  don ' t even look at me . "
farmers informed me that the only way it will pay any claim is when my house is damaged and it pays for repairs under my homeowner ' s policy . 
"get in line ,  you fools fall for it every time , "
"because there ' s a sport ,  there ' s an activity going on"
"supervisors ,  however ,  are more demanding as far as the definition of workplace professionalism goes . "
"apple ,  now the world’s biggest company ,  is current embroiled in a number of patent infringement cases against varies companies from goggle to microsoft . "
the respectable kurier newspaper reported that she had been brought to the court under cover of darkness from the nearby clinic where she and her family are living for the duration of the trial . 
"so ,  farty ,  how do you get adopted ? "
"i don ' t even mingle ,  or start speaking with someone so quickly . "
" "" i wouldn ' t have cade on a silver tray ,  ""  cried scarlett in fury . "
"“i accept chaos .  i am not sure whether it accepts me ""  .  bob dylan"
"mount the work samples and assignments on stiff ,  a 3 board . "
i certainly honestly believe .   .  .  . religion is detrimental .   .  .  . to the progressof humanity . 
they just score and score and score and score and score and score and score . 
"1 .  look at how they think ,  not at what they do .  if you just observed the actions entrepreneurs take ,  you would conclude there isn ' t that much to be gained from studying them .  each entrepreneur ' s behavior is as idiosyncratic as they are .  you would have to be larry page and sergey brin to start google ;  oprah winfrey to found harpo productions . "
good thing you didn ' t get the wrong room . 
i should explain why i have some right to talk about them . 
"counter - insurgency may be out of fashion again ,  but it remains necessary to know how to do it . "
17 .  rent a convertible for the weekend and enjoy some beautiful scenic drives together . 
"about how to moderate that ,  so that anybody can  -  -  so they ' ll listen to you . "
there ' s a way to be direct and set down boundaries in your message without sounding as crude as they are . 
"a clean ,  soft toothbrush is just the right utensil to clean crumbs and burned batter from the nooks and crannies of a waffle iron .  use it to spread oil evenly on the waffle iron surface before the next use too . "
chengdu is a backpacker ' s paradise as well as the business gateway to western china . 
"i think if there ' s one difference i could possibly make in the world , "
"that really disturbed me ,  and led me to write a book called"
"psychologist dr colin gill says :  "" by the age seven children have formed the characters that will dictate what jobs they go for . "
arc furnace of superhigh power has great influence on the electric net  -  work . 
i ' m not prepared to listen either to answer the united nations or to any of the world powers and the truth is also the rapid report does make this point . 
"years ming - hong wu ,  ming wills jun west mu ying ,  the construction of the metro today to preserve a more complete payment of the castle ,  the states cheng tao acropolis . "
"if somebody saw us ,  i wonder what they would think . "
"your cup will never empty ,  for i will be your wine . "
"and ,  i think most importantly  -  -  this is what i think  -  - "
it ' s this way !   $ 25 for a cigarette is too much ! 
and i ' d like to describe some of the results that we have found . 
you have been our most feared enemy . 
"based on studying articles on relationships between the raw cotton property and the quality of spinning yarns , researchers suggest that the integrated cotton fiber - quality index ( ifqi )  is an integrated expression of cotton fiber property and quality .  it can estimate the quality of raw cotton and spinning yarns , and servers as an intermediate parameter for spinning yarn strength prediction and an index which is directly proportional to the spinning strength . "
"he conceded that the extra expense was a burden .  to save money ,  he stayed in a hotel that charged only 50 yuan a day and limited his food expenses to 10 yuan per meal . "
"dr janda noticed that past experiments on methamphetamine vaccines had all revolved around tweaking either the carrier protein or the adjuvant ,  rather than tinkering with the haptens . "
evening drum and morning bell in a monastery ;  timely exhortations to virtue and purity
"and the prospect i ' m offering you ,  of an easier surgery  .  .  . "
you ' re not meant to be a parent . 
"in july ,  china demonstrated the jf  -  17  -  the fighter developed with pakistan  -  for the first time overseas at the farnborough airshow in britain . "
haven ' t seen any of your letters on the website lately . 
"it was in the black ,  not in the red . "
and something that i can fully experience the journey of . 
liu guixin said the tender was also open to proposals from foreign companies . 
you then would copy back all your data files and re -  install your programs . 
"whether your loved one is in school or working a job ,  he / she needs to know you support what he / she does ! "
"whatever ' s killing him ' s not hep  "" c .  ""  it ' s acute . "
the mayo clinic ' s dr .  hensrud says it could be incipient starvation instead . 
"this year ' s world food day activities ,  which involve over 150 countries ,  are focused on climate change and bio - energy . "
admitting he has missed the best time for rescue  -  72 hours after the quake  -  chen wishes to help haitian people get more relief materials from china after arriving in haiti . 
"strang s analysis applies to so - called banded matrices .  most of the numbers in a banded matrix are zeroes ;  the only exceptions fall along diagonal bands ,  at or near the central diagonal of the matrix . "
"results nsc can survive in the injured spinal cord , differentiate into neurons and glia , established communications , and tend to differentiate into neurons and automatically migrate at a distance of 1cm . "
the transfer function synthesis for vehicles interior noise reduction is introduced . 
"“the recent regulatory lapses in switzerland are a factor behind this growth but they have merely served to accelerate a trend that started after the 2008 crisis , ” said amin rajan ,  chief executive of create research ,  a consultancy . "
frankenstein .  mary shelly .  the classic tale of a mad scientist ' s creation，a monster pieced together from graveyard body parts ，and the monster ' s struggle to have the world recognize his humanity . 
"with the development of computer image processing and photoelectric techniques ,  stereovision measurement techniques have been developed rapidly . "
"anna maria rarely goes out ,  because she thinks she’s not attractive and doesn’t know what to say in social situations . "
"and the methylation protects it from the restriction enzyme , "
"if your child is a bit more timid and always hangs around a bossy playmate ,  provide him the opportunity to find a less domineering pal so he will be more likely to speak up and gain confidence . "
"brother ,  when will you put up your yurt ? "
to send sound and images through the air  -  -  radio and television . 
our target is a major transaction of microprocessors . 
i ' ve given 30 years and two marriages to this agency . 
"sir ,  you will have to give an explanation . "
"after chester ,  a cricket ,  arrives in the times square subway station form his native connecticut via a picnic basket ,  he takes up residence in the bellinis '  newsstand . "
"there was speaking ahead of a meeting of eu foreign ministers on monday which is expected to vote in favor of allowing the eu to deliver aid directed to the zimbabwe government ,  and current sanctions aid money has to be directed through non governmental organizations . "
"because bhakti poets could use any language ,  they might come from any class . "
but i didn ' t have access to a lot of these museums and these artworks . 
"well ,  that ' s not exactly a dream job for a cop . "
" "" i have done at least 8 , 000 push - ups in the past three months ,  ""  he said . "
"ex :   "" there ' s absolutely no point pursuing this issue .  we should just let sleeping dogs lie ""  . "
"lili wasn ' t part of your barium meals ,  was she ? "
good results were obtained by aas to determine the trace elements in the samples after pretreatment . 
we should inspect this batch of porcelainware to see if there is any breakage . 
i won ' t be able to tell you what it is until it happens . 
"globally ,  the cities with the lowest quality of living are :  khartoum ,  sudan ;  n ' djamena ,  chad ;  port - au prince ,  haiti ;  and bangui in the central african republic . "
i also wanted to focus on the shark fishing industry
"rain compromised our testing plan today ,  but session was still okay .  here ' s some funny new stuff on my website : http :  /  / t . cn / zwkkwjf"
in the pursuit of changing the world for the better . 
"i mean ,  you are a handful ,  tara . "
he ' s responsible for all this why everyone ' s afraid him and his animals . 
that ' s going to have a measurable impact over time . 
research by the university of california suggested that chemical filters in popular suncreams can trigger the kind of free - radical damage that could pre - empt skin cancer .  the adverse effects seemed to happen only when uv rays hit sunscreen that had penetrated the skin . 
"natasha ,  would you just come up ,  for a second , "
you made a promise no one would sleep on my side of .  .  . 
"even the glossy coat of isis ,  the earl ' s dog ,  has not gone unscrutinised . "
you invite your friends over to watch an nba basketball playoff game on tv . 
"in thus light ,  we forget that she is only under our covering and authority ,  but not under our rule . "
"what you learn is how to feel with your eyes ,  and see with your hands"
"today ,  acm ties its strength into china ,  but we are different ! "
he entertained him affably with news of the day or rather of ten days previous . 
from when it was first installed in 1906 . 
"get the right resources for learning :  a grammar book ,  memorization software ,  and films / books . "
"fc  =  the fraction of age - appropriate ,  university - educated women in london who i find physically attractive"
"you know ,  you did throw an 80 - gig ipod .  .  . "
"as a practical matter ,  the americans could come back to subic tomorrow . "
"the u . s .  plans to withdraw about 33 , 000 soldiers within the next few months . "
i took the money and brown caught me . 
"weil ,  i promised the doc we ' d take him alive . "
"it ' s really a remarkable ,  awesome thing that happens there . "
the senior democrat in congress harry reid says the united state seems to be heading for the financial crisis known as the fiscal cliff unless politicians stop scrambling . 
"a :  he wears several types ,  though he seems to prefer synthetic sports bands . "
and i soon found that indoor air pollutants were the culprit . 
i also wanted it too have the feel of an elderly warrior who put on his old armor for one last adventure . 
"she prepared for all possibilities by taking a sunhat ,  a raincoat and a woolly scarf . "
" "" they operate pretty much like you would see in a narcotics network ,  ""  says punderson .  he says that manufacturers spread production between several factories ,  so if one gets raided the rest of the stash will still be intact .  once the goods are ready ,  they ' re immediately moved out .  according to him ,  wholesalers are now the ones willing to take the risk of storing goods and moving them around ,  so they also have a larger share of the reward and the power . "
the report says when babies and toddlers do not form these strong parental bonds - known as secure attachment - they are more likely to exhibit poor language and poor behaviour before they reach school . 
" ?  when i looked up ,  heaven smiled at me  ? "
hdsl technology is one kind of multi  -  switch  -  in technology in communication network . 
"i shared it with a gentleman called bobby kennedy jr .  ,  who is one of my idols . "
"praia ,  cape verde ,  12 july–the united states has already provided cape verde with around us $ 9 . 5 million since july 2005 as part of the millennium challenge account ,  according to cape verdean news agency inforpress . "
obviously is the great romantic poet that he was ; 
the qualification of his policy as conservative is justified . 
"not easily ,  but we can move a small asteroid . "
"just pull up ,  have yourself a drink on mr .  conway ,  and enjoy it . "
"if you lose ,  i know what happens . "
most are in the yida and ajoung thok camps in unity state in northern south sudan . 
"swiss royal college awarded the nobel prize for literature to boris pasternak in 1958 for "" his outstanding achievement in the field of modern lyric poem and great russian narrative literary tradition ""  . "
she knew from an experiment she conducted a few years ago that loggerheads have a good sense of smell . 
that was written to submit the form millions and millions of times . 
so organizing these markets is one thing we try to do . 
candidates who have successfully registered in the way described must come to the test center in time （ see the ielts page for details）to proceed with the formalities . 
they ' re going to learn from whatever it is they have around them . 
there ' s like a whole section about him . 
genetics has opened the door to the study of human variability . 
"brandenburg is right there ,  ready to getpast him . "
"maybe we should go of car ,  is not far ,  it is .  .  . "
the government has acknowleged that its troops were not able to face the rebel coalition and it ' s asked for external help . 
the damn babysitter never cleans up after herself . 
any of several west australian evergreen shrubs or trees of the genus eucalyptus . 
building in new york .  so that when you see it from
"todd ,  black tea ,  lemon ,  crab salad ,  arugula . "
"the biotechnology industry shows many of the key features of science  -  based clusters ,  and firms cluster in proximity to knowledge sources . "
set up a sound administrative system to serve and guide private investment and amend unfavorable laws and regulations . 
methods : high ph discontinue polyacrylamide gel electrophoresis and special staining methods were used . 
he said several strains within theh 5 family of viruses could pose health threats to humans . 
"asafa powell is the only man on the earth capable to run the 100 meters in only 9 , 74 seconds .  the secret of its energy can not be found in a laboratory test but in the nearest market . "
"for erp is so popular in chinese enterprises , this article will analyze the function of erp with the beginning of its concepts , and further analyze the successful experiences of shandong shi feng group with considering the feature of aˉgricultural machinery enterprise .  in conclusion , the author points out the new tendency of erp at the knowledge econˉomy age . "
"alibaba has also been on an acquisition spree ,  acquiring stakes in everything from an online mapping company to a social network site . "
"in 2014 we will see a breakthrough of the internet of things ,  says the quartz article . "
"of the 75 , 000 tons that will be bought from producers in the 2006 / 2007 season ,  between 25 , 000 and 30 , 000 will be processed by the 23 factories in mozambique . "
i think that is it  ' cause you ' re not even back in this house for a day .  .  .  before somebody starts smacking you around . 
"so my usual question is ,  what do you mean by  "" basics ?  "" "
is there a scale for measuring compassion ? 
"arbitration tribunal should be  "" legal witness  ""  ,  and it should be permitted that the clients appeal with relying about judicial investigation . "
and we wanted to go back and show them the film
"google talk .  this versatile app is more than just for ims .  you can switch to voice ,  do a video chat ,  and send texts ,  too . "
i couldn’t just leave you there looking all pathetic . 
"s :  be aimed at the strength accounting of rotation gin pole , make the structure reduce a beam bar cell , and make elasticity frontier cell finite element straggling , have a finite element analysis by the rotation at the derrick ' s two terminus location , main analysis the structure ' s stained conse at horizontal , verticality , one limb and two limb constitution of the gin pole , and make analysis by the stress effect . "
i like your hair the way it is now . 
this is gonna make a great specimen . 
"but that is an odd definition ,  and not one that crops up very often ,  especially in scientific research into ageing . "
and a toroid with its center in the sky for the island building . 
a court in new york has convicted the egyptian - born radical islamist preacher abu hamza on terrorism charges . 
and they ' re going to take the curains down . 
and simply injecting stem cells through a laparoscopic procedure . 
"and sort of admit that manipulation is something that we enjoy , "
challenged me and had lots of cups of chai with me . 
william :  hello there and welcome to another edition of how to  -  my name is william kremer . 
"for the coating performance in the underground water ,  the rust inhibitor primer is superior to the epoxy coating . "
"i ' m sorry ,  mr .  greene ,  but we have to go . "
"for the peculiarity of team formation ,  an environment - based learning method is proposed to enable the system of robot team formation to have stronger adaptability to the environment . "
"the fall of muammar qaddafi will transform libya ,  the middle east and nato"
"i ,  for one  -  -  and i ' m not kidding  -  - "
where we don ' t just honor those who take money
this book gives the background of the civil war . 
"although ,  she told me recently ,  i can ' t say she has big hair , "
"in his latest annual letter to shareholders ,  he confessed thatwe attempted to manage volatility through layers and reviewers . "
she ran herself out in the first few kilometers . 
"so where do you go ?  you go to ibm , "
"the expanded u . s .  assistance builds on existing maritime programs for combatting piracy ,  countering transnational organized crime and addressing terrorist threats . "
i can ' t believe you just touched my balls . 
"hey ,  get away from my cab ,  asshole ! "
"now ,  let ' s look at culture ,  the phenomenon of human culture . "
"everyone there had a job ,  yet no one seemed to be working . "
"i don ' t really like music anymore ,  kind of . "
i think ignoring respiratory symptoms is more likely than cheating . 
"this does not mean ,  he said ,  that women — or men — should be doing more housework .  for one thing ,  the effort involved is such activities today is less than it once was .  using modern ,  gliding vacuum cleaners is less taxing than struggling with the clunky ,  heavy machines once available ,  and thank goodness for that . "
"‘he ' s not aggressive at all ,  but it may be too much to expose them to each other in a year ' s time .  ' "
and we all know how keen you are on getting the job done . 
"therefore ,  i want to ask for your forgiveness for my actions ,  and i hope you can find it in your heart to forgive me . "
"midway is too far ,  and russia won ' t allow us .  .  .  to launch a raid from there . "
"and i find that very interesting and very provocative , "
a small cave was the only refuge from the cold . 
"to preach the trinity and catholicism in the middle east , "
"elegant and round tannins structure with intense blackcurrant ,  cherries fruits ,  vanilla ,  chocolate and truffle . "
her approach is to recommend wines in keeping with the flavours already present . 
pour in enough liquid to just barely cover the fish . 
"so if we wanted to translate wikipedia into spanish , "
"by contrasting the life of the two ,  the series unveils the distortion and corruption of medicine in japan and the inside story of high - level power struggles . "
"also ,  i think one of the biggest things we are all looking at , "
"if we take transparency ,  here is one of my favorite websites , "
have you looked ahead to what you ' ll be doing in five years '  time ? 
"i can ' t see without the glasses ,  idiot ! "
"rio de janeiro ,  brazil ,  4 feb–the number of brazilian tourists that visited hong kong in 2008 totalled 43 , 000 ,  a rise of 6 . 9 percent on 2007 and 40 percent on 2006 ,  the director for the americas of the hong kong tourism board said tuesday . "
"if you are wrong ,  the bear with the correct answer will grow bigger . "
"generally ,  the euclidean distance and k - means algorithm can used to clustering the time series ,  but it is hard to separate the time series with great different variability well . "
one of us had to die . 
he was taken into custody immediately after the robbery . 
"i could wait outside ,  but the coffee would get cold . "
"well ,  batman is the most important person ;  robin is his sidekick . "
"what they all had in common was this question :  when i ' m at a business dinner and they hand me the wine list  ( either because they think i know something about wine or because of myposition )  ,  what theheckam i supposed to do ? "
they did not have a name for it . 
" "" the seller shall ensure the buyer ' s technical personnel be trained at different posts in the above mentioned plants to enable them to understand and master the technology ,  operation ,  inspection ,  repairing and maintenance of the contract plant .  "" "
"in a recent air show ,  china showed off drones that can attack aircraft carriers ,  which ,  harris says ,   "" look suspiciously like u  . s .  aircraft carriers . "
"and gould recorded it in two major recordings that you may know about , "
"folks ,  do me a favor ,  keep your hands off each other . "
rival republican and democratic replacements for sequestration were headed for defeat in the senate . 
"beetles of that era came in two body styles  -  -  hard  -  top and cabriolet  -  -  and with one powertrain option :  air - cooled ,  rear  -  engine ,  three  -  speed manual transmission . "
is how to put more and more of everyday life in that flow channel . 
that ' s why others are able to get more out of their day than others . 
the reverse flow diverter  ( rfd )  is one of the key components affecting the liquid  -  delivered efficiency . 
i was so sleepy that i could hardly keep awake . 
"he had no training ,  no skills ,  he was just a big ,  bungling ,  useless lout ! "
"along with new adjustment of the endowment insurance in our country ,  the investment of the endowment insurance fund has already got the approbation of the government section . "
maintain normal cerebral perfusion pressure by avoiding hypotension and cerebral retraction . 
they say the voice could give a warning sign of future sexual behaviour . 
in somebody ' s life if you look at somebody like those people
" "" it once had the largest distribution of any mammal except human beings ,  but it is now found primarily in canada ,  alaska ,  the balkans ,  and russia .  "" "
and everyone else  -  -  estonia and poland  -  -  was in this heat . 
"if you spend your entire day in meetings ,  you probably aren ' t productive .  meetings don ' t get the hard tasks done .  they don ' t get creative work done .  and they keep you from being able to spend time doing the work . "
"quelimane ,  mozambique ,  28 nov–mozambican state electricity company ,  electricidade de mo çambique ( edm )  plans to invest us $ 18 . 5 million on expanding the country ' s electricity network from the cahora bassa hydroelectric dam to the districts of gil éand pebane ,  in zambezia . "
his words were just idle threats :  he can ' t hurt us . 
it is not too much to ask . 
"musk ,  already the first private space entrepreneur to launch a successful mission to the international space station this spring ,  says what would begin by first sending fewer than 10 people could blossom  ' into something really big .  ' "
its population is similar to that of european union countries together . 
have a supermassive black hole at the center of the galaxy . 
" "" scientists can also use the barcode to advance our knowledge in plant biology ,  ""  he adds . "
"well ,  we try to reach as many people as possible ,  you know ? "
you would like to be part of that type of company ? 
lay under the rubble for three and a half hours without rescue . 
"do i look like a jukebox to you ,  pal ? "
this place is crawling with ninjas .  we had better keep our eyes open . 
a prenup is before you are married ;  a postnup is an agreement that you have with your spouse  -  your husband or your wife  -  after you get married . 
he exchanged intimacies with his bosom friend at the party . 
arkansas is rich in natural resources and has become a favorite place for older people to retire . 
"and stanford came up with their method of recombinant dna , "
an unimpeded sweep of meadows and hills formed a peaceful setting . 
don ' t bring our glorious leader into your treachery . 
the fingerprints from the one that didn ' t go off . 
syria is beefing up security on its home front in a sign of escalating tension with israel .  there are war jitters on both sides of the border . 
"one that buffs ,  especially a piece of soft leather or cloth used to shine or polish . "
you didn ' t realize that they had guns ? 
this new research provides a good example of what such an approach can achieve . 
"includes custom  -  engineered knife ,  carrying case ,  and instructional dvd . "
"i see entrepreneurs everywhere now ,  now that i ' m tuned into this . "
get a bunch of hard - hitting gangsters… to pump your ass till you bleed to death . 
i accepte it and using it to resist temptation and loosening . 
this paper discusses the raw materials and process technology of the double cone ablative shield made from resin matrix composites . 
it ' s brilliant being able to run around and play with him .  ' 
"the commuters '  heroic effort was captured on camera by a newspaper photographer who was in the station at the time ,  and the resulting photo was published in japan ' s largest daily newspaper ,  the yomiuri . "
"article105 after entertaining an application for constituting a limitation fund for maritime claims liability ,  the maritime court shall ,  within seven days ,  issue a notice to the known interested parties ,  and publish a public announcement in newspapers or through other news media . "
like some big fucking mutt .  .  .  shooting his bug fat fucking mouth off . 
do you need a booster seat for your child ? 
pray silence for her majesty the queen . 
i think right now the discussion is a very closed discussion on the master plan . 
tips :  your great need to share ;  to be fair and impartial will help you a lot . 
"you know ,  i don ' t mean to stick my nose in it ,  but that plan of yours ,  it ' s never gonna work . "
"yes ,  yeah ,  but the return policy ' s a bit fuzzy . "
"as of last night ,  david ,  the afghan government haven ' t asked for any international assistance . "
justin bieber will be leaving the hotel at any minute now . 
"and the fact is ,  we ' re going to use the nuclear waste we have for fuel"
we stumbled on your video on decimals and it got through . 
happiness has nothing to do with one ' s personality type . 
"17 .  there is the additional factor that while japan is a small country with a small territory ,  few resources ,  a small population and a limited number of soldiers ,  china is a big country with vast territory ,  rich resources ,  a large population and plenty of soldiers ,  so that ,  besides the contrast between strength and weakness ,  there is the contrast between a small country ,  retrogression and meagre support and a big country ,  progress and abundant support .  this is the reason why china will never be subjugated . "
"users can rate a content item on a scale of 1 to 5 or ,  if they prefer ,  they can enter a comment instead of or in addition to the rating . "
"the studies on the function of both happy hundred years and mixture of ginseng and astragalus hoangtchy to the cardiovascular system show that happy hundred years can accelerate the recovery of the mesenteric microcirculatory disturbance of mice ,  increase the flow of the blood vessel of the extracorporeal rabbit ' s ears ,  relax the aortic smooth muscle and in the counteraction of the myocardial hypoxia and inhibition of thrombosis happy hundred years has better effects than the mixture of genseng and astragalus hoangtehy . "
"and my mind started racing ,   "" puerto rico ?  what do i know about puerto rico ?  "" "
"and then saddam hussein ' s serious mustache is a problem , "
"napoleon ,  give me some of your tots . "
"the africa newsletter said recently that these investments have been dictated by a“financial and economic logic ”and are a fix to angola ' s problems of excess liquidity resulting from high oil prices and the poor capacity of the country ' s economy to absorb this wealth .  these overseas investments also enhance sonangol ' s reputation outside angola ,  increasing its influence on key sectors of portuguese society ,  and create a favorable climate for private angolan investment in portugal and countries like spain . "
it was the strangest experience as this is not normally how i handle things or how they work out . 
" "" great living starts with a picture ,  held in some person ' s imagination ,  of what he would like someday to do or be . "
so you let a kid beat you ? 
"waves crashing .  the distant thump of rock music .  the whirring engine of a small biplane ,  dragging an ad from its tail . "
"also ,  the six patients were known to have alzheimer ' s disease .  therefore ,  it is unknown whether the method can detect the biomarkers in people with the disease in its early stage . "
"notice that w - i - n -  d can also be pronounced “wind . ” when it is pronounced “wind” instead of “wind , ” it’s a noun referring to air that moves quickly . "
this will keep you from venturing out in the dark by yourself at night when you ' re hungry . 
"the photo finish showed that trammell ,  silver medalist at two olympic games and three world championships ,  was the winner in a similar time of 13 . 15 seconds . "
her health broke down under the pressure of work . 
don ' t let anyone in or out of here . 
"the roman languages such as french ,  italian ,  are all derived from latin . "
they ' re also going to find that the rule book in china is different . 
they figured it was better to stay where they were . 
do what you do so well that people can ' t resis telling others about you . 
is to provoke the senses and ignite the imagination . 
"men ,  a new 24 hours fashion channel dedicated to men ' s fashion  &  lifestyle . "
"i’m a girl ,  so i ' il slap the cheek . "
mistle thrushes are an exception .  they prefer to defend a berried tree against all  -  comers . 
 ' twas the way the bang - tail was done .  .  .  that cries out for a man of your talents . 
"according to the director of incaju some provinces exceeded their targets ,  as is the case with zambezia ,  which had a target of 10 , 000 tons and produced 12 , 133 tons . "
then they seem a little bit to conflict with each other . 
"come back home and live rent - free instead of that roach - infected place .   $ 50 , 000 ! "
w  . p  . a .  has a broader coverage .  it covers everything in f  . p  . a .  plus partial loss caused by natural calamities . 
"regardless of his status as an actual flesh  - and - blood human being ,  shuruppak ' s story involves the archetypical ,  ancient ,  and comfortably familiar great flood plotline . "
"he figures they ' re goanna pin the elmer conway murder on me ,  and he thinks i ' m goanna drag him into it . "
"these bags will biodegrade in the natural environment ,  but they come in different types .  those made of corn will biodegrade in a landfill environment ,  but while doing so they produce methane ,  a powerful global warming gas . "
"then he sat down in the chair with some beer ,  sandwiches ,  and a bb gun . "
"i ' ve got some work ,  thought you might be interested . "
the small group of people also have demonstrated in front of the us embassy . 
i would like you to meet my little niece . 
"eleanor johnson :   "" i think that text messaging has made students believe that it ' s far more acceptable than it actually is to just make screamingly atrocious spelling and grammatical errors .  "" "
"former new york mayor rudy giuliani said the rise of foreign economies ,  especially china ,  has created new challenges for the u . s .  economy .  but he said china also poses great opportunities . "
is the new prime minister in trouble already ? 
"you know ,  i started off with little tiny amounts"
"well ,  one thing you could do is what some people might call franken - noir . "
"the second ,  demagogic deception for the purpose of gaining time while clinging to fascist dictatorship and actively conducting secret preparations for civil war ,  likewise offers no salvation for mr .  chiang and the kuomintang . "
"there ' s something about them .  .  .  the way they carry themselves .  .  .  even the old ones ,  a certain classic grace and dignity . "
"up and running ,  and i ' ve clocked these animals generating"
a giant hole in the ground with big buildings falling into it . 
is it because this land of ours is so poor that it cannot afford a decent life to those who dwell upon it ? 
search engines are our confessionals our confidants our trusted friends that help us . 
"if you actually think ,  you remove the myth and there is still something wonderful . "
"more and more new hires are being asked to sign these contracts  "" across all industries and in all kinds of jobs ,   ""  notes orly lobel ,  a law professor at the university of san diego and cofounder of its center for intellectual property law and markets . "
if only you could see it like i do . 
the insecticide was put out of the child ' s reach . 
"the works of shakespeare and wordsworth are “rocket - boosters” to the brain and better therapy than self - help books ,  researchers will say this week . "
"the longer you ' re on the run ,  the lower my chance of getting what i want . "
"no ,  larry ,  this is the my vagina ignored . "
it ' s so nice to meet young men who are so well - mannered . 
as the first step in preparing to make contact with life elsewhere in the cosmos . 
but apparently that was not an issue at the time . 
"ra indicates rectus abdominis ;  eo ,  external oblique ;  io ,  internal oblique ;  and ta ,  transerse abdominis . "
it took her but a few days to learn it . 
"bola ?  o was a difficult ,  angry ,  self  -  reflexive writer who lived an erratic and occasionally unpleasant life . "
"that depression ,  anxiety or post - traumatic stress disorder is a known complication of surviving critical illness . "
economlc contradlctlons philosophy of misery  ( p .  j .  proudhon ) 
"i principal prodotti e prodotti per la casa ,  computer ,  server ,  plotter ,  come i notebook . "
i think this is so necessary in our world today
"and he remained a considerable number of days in joppa with a certain simon ,  a tanner . "
"correlation analyses demonstrated that the serum adiponectin level was inversely correlated with the level of logarithmic serum alt ( r =  - 0 . 209 , pwaist , the inverse correlation were not significant ( p > 0 . 05 )  . "
1 .  you could run into anyone from your past in your future . 
"“china is not a developing company ,  it is a powerhouse ,  ”the ambassador said during a meeting of the latin american version of the world economic forum ,  now taking place in sao paulo . "
"the government said the measure would remain in force for another two months in the regions of huanuco ,  san martin ,  ucayal . "
"greenhouses are easy to buy ,  quick to erect and ,  thanks to off - the - shelf kit designed for the purpose ,  simple to keep clean ,  too . "
"finally ,  we discussed the issue of fixed  - order about plsr . "
there ' s a truck on the right .  boxes fall out of the truck . 
rw is a brilliant artist  &  a good friend .  the song itself is fantastic .  i would have loved to have done it if it were possible .  iiii ]  ;   )  '   -  robbie william
"behind the house lay two nude figures grotesquely bald ,  with deliberate knife  -  slashes marking their bodies . "
"henry ,  who told you to erase those files ? "
my november submission for the now defunct monthly character exchange . 
"the first and fourth decile is full at the end of clemens family coat of arms ,  had dark brown across the middle bar to separate three same blackbird ,  two on ,  one in the next . "
you said you dreamt that we ' d grow old together . 
"thank you ,  archbishop ,  for those inspiring words . "
"try a little local hospitality , see how you like it . "
"dr .  goldstein , okay ,  what we ' re doing .   .   . "
"when in fact ,  the lra has not been operating in northern uganda for years . "
having sold the film and tv rights to his new best seller he ' s absolutely quids in . 
this means seeking out the people who will make your blood boil . 
"people have often told me this is very biased and ' fan boyish  '  ,  but starcraft has in it what i think no other company has been able to capture no matter how hard they try . "
"many firms also disclose ample details about which holding company owns which subsidiary ,  and so forth . "
"and god forbid  -  -  i think many doctors ,  if you really asked them , "
i have never showed anyone them until now . 
"pour it all over me , you little bronze bitchlet . "
"but if the imperialists insist on unleashing another war ,  we should not be afraid of it . "
the visiting guest gave a moving farewell address at the banquet . 
juveniles should we not exactly in need of such strength and conviction ? 
"the emperor has already sent people to kidnap him ,  and has given the permission to kill him ! "
"hey ,  where do you think you ' re going ? "
we will present ourselves with grace and poise . 
at the center for books arts in new york city . 
he is in the courtyard having his luggage unloaded
set includes :  strawberry creme body souffle for sensual massage ; 
"in the end ,  what happens to finance is not what matters most but what finance does to the wider economy . "
the chinese billionaire – viewed by some as his country’s answer to henry ford – executed one of corporate china’s most daring overseas raids when he bought volvo cars in 2010 from ford . 
we have to really think about where it came from . 
i guess you just have one of those faces . 
" "" madam fu is charming but she also knows that charm can serve as a weapon ,  ""  barber said in his report . "
"and this image came out ,  which caused a huge public outcry at the time . "
"i am going to charge a new dress ,  and pay for it at the end of the month . "
to make the guilty party confess they use questioning ! 
i ' m trying to see through your eyes .  i can ' t see . 
the issue was they didn ' t know where the scud launchers were . 
watch this test of the world ' s first nanomite warhead . 
the rest of us have to figure out how to think that way . 
"as he speeds ahead ,  he receives help from  "" nano - human ""  medvedev ,  who unzips a frightening bear costume and sends a crawling ipad to deactivate the explosive . "
"the top 10 earning actress made a total of  $ 218 million between may 2010 and may 2011 ,  according to forbes . com ,  which compiled the list by talking to producers ,  lawyers ,  agents and hollywood insiders to estimate what each actress earned . "
the researchers found that the stigma attached to flexible working could be an obstacle to women ' s progression .  they ' ve called on businesses to do more to change that . 
"“comedies have stereotypes ,  like the handsome man ,  the gorgeous woman ,  the cheap man and so on .  they have that in many comedies , ” cao said .  “our creation is not plagiarism ,  but more a homage to the american sitcom . ”"
"according to the execution path in a program , it isclassified into arbitrary paths data flow analysis and all paths data flow analysis in thispaper .  it is helpful to create a unified descriptive model about data - flow analysis ,  discussthe internal relationship between data - flow analysis and its frameworks ,  and set up afoundation for the data flow analysis on concurrent program . "
"dear ,  did you make some coffee in the morning"
but a number of employers fear that the month - long football gala will have an impact on their employees '  productivity . 
"but be that as it may ,  i did not burden you myself ;  nevertheless ,  crafty fellow that i am ,  i took you in by deceit . "
and society would inevitably have to take second place to economy . 
you two guys leave me no choice . 
"and now it ' s 2010 ,  and there are 99 heroes"
"4 .  gifts - you can make something for mom ,  on your own . "
"or you could play it safe ,  which means you have to reach back into your wallet"
the gymnast performed on the balance beam with an easy grace . 
"he knows he has to turn back .  so the letter ,  to his foreign minister at vilnius in modern - day lituania ,  described how he was given the order of the kremlin to be destroyed . "
"at higher magnification ,  an ovarian granulosa cell tumor has nests of cells are forming primitive follicles . "
8 .  being positive is better than being negative–even in writing ! 
what was that ?  the plane dropped suddenly .  it must have hit an air pocket . 
some of the grid sections will accumulate immediately in the trowel areas . 
"in the coastal waters of inhambane there are many endangered marine species including sharks ,  whales and manta rays . "
she ' d tell everyone about the things she said she saw . 
it is a mysterious and powerful device . 
but you deserve much better in your life . 
"the rustic yet stylish zorrba boots are popular this season because they ' re versatile ,  comfortable ,  and fun .  any lace - up or combat - inspired boots paired with your leggings or skinny jeans will be trendy . "
during the fever he became delirious and said some strange things
he praised his ' chinese partners ' for continuing to maintain ties with the reclusive regime . 
objective to analyse present condition of the name of study and diseases about otorhinolaryngology of tcm and to advance a new opinion that may standardize the name of study and diseases . 
"the new concession will cover the south of inhambane province or the rovuma basin ,  where there are geological conditions for the occurrence of oil and natural gas"
"the controversies appear to have eroded support for obama in national polls .  what remains to be seen is whether they will sway so - called super - delegates ,  democratic party elders who are not bound by primary election results and who also have a roll to play in deciding the eventual nominee . "
"the most important museums in the united states are in new york :  the metropolitan museum of art ,  sometimes just called the met . "
"it doesn ' t really keep people from stealing ,  does it ? "
analysts say investors and apple fans had expected the new iphone 4s to be a more radical improvement over its predecessor . 
it is pretty uncommon to find men who are midwives but i guess they do exist . 
they then walked hand in hand toward the large boulder that marks the area where flight 93 crashed . 
i rather thought mark might be here to meet you . 
"a few months ago ,  my team was working on a project in conjunction with another ,  more developer - focused team within the company .  even though we had prepared several documents illustrating the project plan ,  which involved various research and discovery steps ,  we felt this other team didn ' t completely grasp our role ,  as they ' d occasionally send us things like  "" finished wireframes .  "" "
"in this case ,  however ,  my priority was not the batch interface . "
three players were sent off as the game ended in a mass brawl . 
for years my wedding ring has done its job . it has led me not into temptation . it has reminded my husband numerous times at partiesthat it ' s time to go home . it has been a source of relief to a dinner companion . it has been a status symbol in the maternity ward . 
to be able to face the world for what it is . 
i remember when i gave this to you . 
"you and paula ,  the most beautiful couple i ever laid eyes on . "
"if there ' s an electrical signal in the heart ,  and one part of the ecg  -  - "
the road bends to the right after a few yards . 
"i flew back and had dinner with the kosovo prime minister and said to him , "
"hens and chickens and ducks .  and when you work out the math , "
"beyond these sort of kiosk - y things where you can get books on demand , "
"otherwise ,  it is too easy to gain hugely from trading strategies with a high probability of blowing up . "
"who ,  for the rest of his life ,  gets to tell people"
"on the left ,  we see a tiny piece of beating heart tissue"
a woman who had a good father . 
"you said knowing ' s half the battle ,  right ? "
and once we had this we could start doing some cool stuff . 
interfering in each and link no matter necessary or not make the devastating overuse of power . 
this is what i have beaten new middle the shortest letter . 
" ""   .  .  .  what i do is i assign the lectures for homework , "
we do not want her in our van . 
at the end he called me into his deathhed
israeli government spokesman mark regev has told the bbc that until a diplomatic solution is achieved its military operation in gaza will continue . 
people send their children here from great distances because of its academic record and what happened is very much out of character for the school . 
i sure as hell don ' t want to be the first one across this field . 
"one should take a further step here :  the only christianity at the level of its notion ,  which draws all the consequences from its basic event  -  -  the death of god  -  -  is atheism . "
i know why you ' re afraid to go out at night . 
the group says the amount of international air freight decreased in july from the same period the year before . 
"he was a miserly wretch who grudged us food to eat ,  and clothes to wear ( charles dickens . "
modern dress is an anachronism in productions of shakespeare ' s plays . 
"the lord hath opened his armoury ,  and hath brought forth the weapons of his indignation :  for this is the work of the lord god of hosts in the land of the chaldeans . "
the polio surveillance program is four million people going door to door . 
that all we need to do is to spend money ? 
"selamat pagi ,  “good morning” ,  did as well for him as the believer ' s assalamu alaykum ;  both ,  as he pointed out ,  meant “peace be to you” . "
the sole survivor of the crash was a little boy . 
"and in buddhism ,  they catch it in the future life . "
"in fact ,  we could be celebrating the strong bonds between today ' s young people and their parents ,  rather than lamenting the foibles of the next generation .  forty years ago ,  the news media were filled with reports of a generation gap .  let ' s be grateful that we ' ve finally solved that problem . "
"when we were eventually asked to order ,  staff were often less than friendly ,  eyes rolling at our attempts to order a drink in croatian . "
"little sister drew ,  10 ,  uses her rhinestone - encased iphone to post photos of potential purchases as she shops ,  while polling her friends with an instagram app to get opinions on which clothes to wear to school the next day . "
as soon as you give me the key . 
"therefore ,  if sonaecom should decide to move ahead with the bid for pt it will have to sell one of the two networks it will own ,  wither the copper or cable distribution network ,  within a deadline set by the competition authority ,  but which has not been made public as it was considered confidential information by sonaecom . "
but all agree that entrepreneurs are a cut above the rest of mankind . 
in hiroshima .  and i want to just conclude this
of the fact that people are desperate to get away from
"which is the origins of the whole data - processing industry ,  later at ibm . "
"mr cash quotes bright ' s dictum that “my life is in my speeches” ,  many of which are rhetorical masterpieces ;  but the reader wants more of the man ,  more of the life outside the speeches . "
"yes ,  lieutenant lawrence ,  you may claim it . "
bear up !  i believe you are the best all the time . 
a high class horse could not win a race with a feather on his back if he is not in condition . 
"like the type of life that we ' re used to ,  at least on the viral level . "
it was like garish noon rising to the dignity of sunset in a couple of seconds . 
"a style using subconscious mental activity as its subject matter ,  characterized by dreamlike ,  hallucinatory imagery . "
i don ' t know what the truth is anymore . 
the us should insist on a substantive agenda as a precondition for any obama visit . 
"well ,  remember that ' s not even an order of magnitude , "
an all - night party on new year ' s eve provided me with a good excuse for not carrying out either of these new resolutions on the first day of the year . 
"the opposite would be accounts receivable ,  and accounts receivable are the people that take the money in  -  keep track of the money that the company gets from its customers .  she also says that she doesn ' t “know how to create a balance sheet . ”"
some criminals can get away with anything  -  -  not these . 
he has a very special brand of humor . 
he thinks it was because he was critical of the russian government . 
"their work with pages includes architectural proposals ,  video documentation ,  and multi  -  disciplinary art projects and installations . "
"at the same time ,  the u . s .  transportation department said it might look into banning cell calls during flights . "
"some people say  "" to kill a mockingbird  "" treats racism in a way that is simplistic ,  even offensive to blacks ,  and out of date in today ' s america . "
"coudreaut ' s quest to improve on time - honored formulas is what led him to the mac wrap ,  a product that will be a good experiment in whether the eating habits of mcdonald ' s customers can be nudged in new directions .  coudreaut ' s immediate boss ,  vice president of menu management wade thoma ,  had to push hard inside the oak brook headquarters to sell the idea that the mac wrap is ,  in coudreaut ' s words ,   "" how people are eating today — on the go ,  in smaller portion sizes .  ""  smaller doesn ' t necessarily mean healthier ,  though .  mcdonald ' s is acutely aware of the criticisms about the food it has sold for the past half - century ,  but in the end ,  it also knows that very few mcdonald ' s customers have read fast food nation ,  a scathing indictment of the industry ,  or seen the 2003 documentary super size me ,  in which a filmmaker ate only mcdonald ' s for a month and — shockingly — got fat .  instead ,  mcdonald ' s has learned to focus on balance :  you add a healthy southwest salad ,  and then you add a rich angus burger .  also ,  you don ' t mess with the fries .  coudreaut could never mess with the fries . "
"i thought it  ' d be nice to have asnack when you got home .  .  .  but i didn ' t know when that  ' d be ,  so i guessed and made a batch around 9 .  .  .  but they burnt . "
"there is an arbitration clause in the contract .   ( or insurance clause ,  inspection clause ,  shipping clause .  .  .  ) "
"monitor the manufacture process ,  adjust the order distribution ,  and insure the whole order fill rate . "
"a few years ago ,  gateway came out with flat screen tvs . "
passengers from kaohsiung will change at this station into another train . 
they rebuild their houses for them gratuitously when they are ruined . 
"did these guys get every single street ,  every single house . "
"tough times don ' t last ,  but tough people do . "
"i walking along the edge ,  then up to a small sand  -  covered hill . "
freeing herself from the grasping plants and gathering her few remaining soldiers took maiev long enough that illidan succeeded in saving the high priestess . 
"it ' s getting there .  sometimes when you get there ,  there ' s almost a letdown . "
"uh , so this  -  -  this crew guy frank , did you know him ? "
i suppose she has more brains than any of us . 
"the results showed that : ①the tsp concentrations of 3 crossroads  ( 1 . 25 mg / m 3 , 0 . 99 mg / m 3 , 0 . 79 mg / m 3 respectively )  were higher than that of the control point  ( 0 . 60 mg / m 3 )  . "
you have to be willing to take those risks . 
"now ,  of course ,  the man was very impressed with this young man of 17"
"when i ' m 80 ,  what do i do for fun ? "
"his nominal wage is fifteen pounds a week ,  but he makes a few pounds more on the side . "
"did trey ,  catch the codes of release ? "
"internationally ,  attention will be focused on the saitex fair in johannesburg ,  south africa and the macau fair and business mission from october 18 to 21 . "
"but business is down .  so from aug .  16 to 31 ,  guests can get a  "" survivor package ""  that charges them less for each amenity they give up . "
" ' the great firewall is an obvious problem for foreign internet ﬁrms ,  and for the chinese people interacting with others outside of china on these services ,  but it does little to limit the expressive power of chinese people who can ﬁnd other sites to express themselves in similar ways ,  '  says a new study from researchers at harvard university . "
"you know ,  you expect people in the mainstream to be a bit resistant"
"the brewing of ale had long been the preserve of women ,  known as  "" brewsters ""  or  "" alewives  ""  . "
"“when there are 30 days to go until the launch of the event ,  the organisers–fil and arena direct–already have over 200 companies registered ,  with a high number of angolan companies taking part ,  ”said the statement ,  adding that portugal was once again the likely leader in terms of number of companies taking part . "
no cucumbers or bananas in this video . 
"the hare could find no safety ,  a pack of jackals had it in the wind . "
"so ,  what ,  now i ' m just supposed to run from every guy who doesn ' t like me ? "
"according to hanson and other experts on etiquette ,  a real lady must tick all the following boxes of style and manner . "
"she said he was the first man she ever kissed and the only one she ever kissed ,  '  candi told the local news station . "
"no ,  no ,  that ' s like devil ray dancing ,  okay ? "
it ' s a participation trophy ;  everyone gets one . 
"since it’s not the 1950 ′s anymore and out -  of  -  wedlock mothers aren’t required to wear the scarlet letter ,  there’s no reason to pop the question just because she ' s pregnant . "
"and also these very life - like ,  intrinsically painted silicone legs . "
"cp ,  17 ,  can you repeat possible suspect description ? "
"québec ,  central canada and the american midwest see an exodus of tourists right during harvest season ,  so gear up for farmers markets and bountiful meals . "
" "" hey rags ,  thank you for the magic carpet ride around the world .  "" "
"the platform used at sesamo - 1 will be taken 12 kilometres southeast to drill the arroz - 1 well ,  the company said in a regulatory filing with the australian stock exchange ,  adding that at sesamo - 1 neither gas nor oil were found . "
"chemicals liable to produce poison refers to acetic oxide ,  ether ,  methane or other raw material and ingredients often used to produce poison . "
we face a whole range of challenges and need to make hard exploration and efforts . 
can ' t you see he ' s out of his mind ? 
"but 32 per cent admitted that the blame lay with their own lack of courage ,  according to the research by the british heart foundation . "
have you seen him zapping around town on his new motor bike ? 
which is now beginning to look rather endearingly old - fashioned . 
few give thought to the suffering that sin has caused our creator . 
delta is even now finalising a deal to buy an oil refinery . 
"at the age of nearly 40 ,  chen certainly can’t limit herself to love and affection anymore . "
they watch for changes in the water level and temperature that are associated with movement along faults . 
i honestly didn ' t believe amy when she told me she had a boyfriend . 
after a six  -  hour journey from scotland the train arrived in london right on the nose . 
"mccain told his supporters tuesday the contest for the white house in november has now begun ,  and that he will present himself as the candidate best able to keep america safe from terror attacks . "
its smooth and lively melody expresses the pleasant mood of life in south china . 
but is that necessarily a better way to learn a language ? 
"daytime according to the mountain ,  yellow river enters the ocean current .  wants poor great distance item ,  on one building . "
fat cells tend to grow and / or proliferate to replace the muscle mass that we tend to lose with age . 
" "" it is a right decision which the egyptian people have waited for long to be applied . "
a lot of money is always a lot of motive . 
"who would want to date a person who isn ' t passionate about anything ?  tread carefully if your partner has zero life goals ,  because relationships with a person lacking ambition are anything but fulfilling . "
"“i don’t want to waste any time on that . ” a survey conducted by news portal ifeng . com found that of the 870 , 919 respondents 52 . 3 percent supported the regulations and 44 . 5 percent were against the ban . "
"sorry ,  it doesn ' t work .  you have to give it for 100 dollars ,  200 dollars . "
i only met him when he drugged me . 
"finishing in second and third place respectively were argentina ' s hernan crespo and brazil ' s ronaldo ,  providing both with some consolation for exiting the tournament at the quarter - final stage . "
say no– the ability to “say no” is an important skill . 
"this paper focuses on four main types of axial - symmetrical electrostatic lens :  film aperture lens ,  double -  cylinder immersion lens ,  convex lens and immersion object lens . "
"the court had not yet determined whether the sixth amendment right to counsel was to be incorporated ,  and gideon ' s appeal gave it the opportunity to make that decision . "
"southend hospital accepted her  "" poor experiences ""  of care and a compensation payout of £320 , 000 was agreed . "
the militarydoes not dictate policy on romulus . 
"frankly ,  i think your offer is for the birds . "
"you won ' t have seen the dictionary ,  10th edition yet ,  smith ? "
"for instance ,  over half of income - tax breaks in america go to the richest 20 %  of households ,  according to the congressional budget office . "
his perception of the change came in a flash . 
"but remember that your children learn about what matters most to you by what you do ,  not what you say . "
if i reached my hands down near the earth
you could profit from listening to a wise man . 
"the key public health message is that  "" light drinking is fine but heavy and binge drinking should be avoided  ""  ,  he said . "
" "" thanks to god and thanks to the rebels now we are free . "
"so now we ' re going into what we call the reading room  -  -  sorry ,  living room . "
"apart from an interesting - looking carved dagger ,  the box was full of crockery ,  much of it broken . "
before we even know where to start to have ideas . 
just about all of this information is exempt from audit or oversight . 
"because the moon has only an eightieth of the earth ' s mass ,  it requires 97 per cent less energy to travel the quarter of a million miles from the moon to earth - orbit than the 200 mile - journey from earth ' s surface into orbit ! "
are not interested in their children going to school ; 
i had been steeped in the intelligence on iraq
let ' s see how well we can do .  there are three images . 
many are doing their best to hold out as long as possible on unemployment benefits and savings while still looking for work in their fields . 
do you actually think i would tell you ? 
"but the whole freaking calendar ,  he comes up with 0400"
"instead of starting from the test discipline ,  i will consider the risk management principles of each rup phase in turn and ask what the seasoned tester might do to further those goals . "
that ' s why you don ' t want cake .  .  . you have him . 
people who do not wish to keep house themselves can rent accommodations on a seasonal basis or even permanently in many hotels . 
laila kunaish of washington wrote about her feeling that the media in the united states are often unfair to muslims . 
and is about three times higher than the u . s .  national average . 
"dear r . r .  :  you ' re right to surmise that you have plenty of company  -  -  and ,  if it ' s any consolation ,  people upstairs may be thinking pretty hard right now about how to hold on to you . "
"jackie robinson ,  roy campanella ,  pee wee reese ,  and duke snider . "
"the games buttons are missing ,  but it ' ll also be a games machine ,  book machine . "
"that was the pink ovals on my last slide ,  this is it . "
"according to the writer walter ellis ,  author of a book called the oxbridge conspiracy ,  britain is still dominated by the old - boy network :  it isn ' t what you know that matters ,  but who you know .  he claims that at oxford and cambridge universities  ( oxbridge for short )  a few select people start on an escalator ride which ,  over the years ,  carries them to the tops of british privilege and power .  his research revealed that the top professions all continue to be dominated ,  if not 90 per cent ,  then 60 or 65 per cent ,  by oxbridge graduates . "
"and they got an absolutely ingenuous ,  wonderful description of logo . "
i took one look at the car and offered to buy it there and then . 
of stealing food from the people of ember . 
"casey :  you ' re looking a bit trimmer these days ,  jim . "
"to put forward long term forecasting ,  investigation on emergence amount and total distribution area of over winter larva of meadow moth is necessary . "
"so that was the book .  and so ,  from that moment on , "
the divisions between the various classes of society are not so sharply marked as they used to be . 
"when you construe it as  "" cause the mouse to have something ,  "" "
"it ' s a little known ,  but brilliant ,  genius invention of robert stirling"
sophie :  look !  who is that guy on the stage ? 
the disciples didn ' t like it .  but jesus rebuked them for wanting to send the children away . 
or we thought they would come in .  i should back up . 
that the biggest danger in our future is  [ lack of ]  understanding the other
"so ,  what do you want to do ? "
they would like to possess all the beauties in the world to gratify their momentary desires . 
britvic and coke have been rebranding some of their products to promote certain attributes . 
to “yell” usually means to shout or to talk very loudly . 
"if you give me this job ,  i ' m confident able to add value to your organization . "
"and on friday ,  the u . s .  central bank helped strengthen a major investment firm facing collapse .  the firm  -  bear stearns  -  was caught up in the crisis in the home mortgage market . "
if you ' re on the average wage in britain today ? 
keep that in mind when you look at this fact . 
any reason this michel would want to murder kathleen dunley ? 
and i ' ve chosen three or four to talk about . 
when was the last time you heard some action coming out of his room ? 
"he spoke for about thirty seconds ,  congratulating us ,  wishing us well ,  and saying that if we didn’t get inside right then ,  we ’d all drown . "
what you see is the human brain is actually broken
"left a few weeks , the singing competition ' s getting nearer ~  ~ can everyone suggest some good chinese songs ? "
one of the signs is also below the text on the top . 
"at its sternest ,  islamic law prescribes the death penalty for anybody who commits “apostasy ”— or abandons the faith . "
"a sparkling ,  shimmering body powder in a handy brush format !  simply shake and sweep the brush over your skin to leave you laced with golden ,  shimmering ,  pearlised colour . "
but i did in fact get married in it . 
and you can ask any one of my customers . 
nobody but maybe one or two very odd folks really suggest this . 
"in brazil the group sells some 2 . 5 million comic books per month with the characters created around 50 years ago and ,  as well as exporting to around 50 countries ,  maur ício de sousa produ ções has around 3 , 000 licensed products . "
"will have said it comes out of the ground .  and some people , "
small projects are easy until you run them up against a deadline . 
"if ,  however ,  you allowed me to break you into coffee clusters , "
"portugal thus joins great britain ,  france ,  germany and spain in the group of european countries to which china has granted “strategic partner ”status . "
"we firmly attack the non  -  turret principle ,  the single turret principle and the single  -  turret  &  multi  -  artillery tube revisionism ! "
only a winner with a score of over 500 points will qualify . 
"aid from beijing often comes with strings attached that may prove far more beneficial to the chinese than the developing world ,  in a manner that can foster local corruption . "
"you kicked ass back there ,  by the way . "
"in january ,  800 , 000 cell phones were sold in brazil ,  which increased the number of phones in use to 100 . 7 million . "
"underwood’s goal is to quietly destroy the president ,  without having any blood on his hands .  at certain points you wonder :  how can he have so much power without anybody being suspicious ?  it’s a bit like the unstoppable emily thorne in abc’s revenge .  but with spacey ,  you somehow believe he could get anyone to do anything . "
being caught between undue happiness and undue despair is an anxiety that i cannot bear . 
offenders will be fed to the dogs . 
do you imagine the british run their empire as a charity ? 
anyone travelling to the old continent from the u . s .  in recent years has learned the hard way how expensive it is . 
the strikes which gave british industry such a dismal reputation are far fewer and mostly confined to the public sector . 
"my dad has three dependants :  my mother ,  my sister and me . "
"so will not we go back from thee :  quicken us ,  and we will call upon thy name . "
"all one billion of them ,  are building the urban world , "
"not only were they an excuse to spend time with you and have fun with an outing that we didn ' t always get to do ,  but i felt you were proud of me and that meant a lot . "
"wan qingliang ,  the deputy governor of guangdong province ;  lee peng hong the president of ipim ;  and zhang wei ,  vice - president of the chinese council for promotion of international trade ( ccpit )  ;  are going to head their respective government and business delegations that take part in the event . "
most residents of new orleans’ ninth ward have either been evacuated or have decided to wait it out in their homes . 
"no , i meant , has he ever been involved with someone who wasn ' t a brainiac ? "
"the main results in this paper are the following : theorem 1 if v is a lie supertriple system such that l  =  v  [ v ,  v ]  ,  and the lie superalgebra l whose killing form is non -  degenerate ,  then erery derivation of v is inner . "
"don :  analyzing data from a five - year study ,  stephanie brown ,  a psychologist at the university of michigan ann arbor ,  examined social support in elderly folks . "
"to get rid of an unwanted entity ,  crack a window in each room of your home ,  take a dried bundle of sage and smudge your home ,  clearing out any negative or stagnant energies . "
"based on herzberg ' s two - factor theory , this research paper analyzes the causes to ineffeciency of motivations in the current domestic hopspital management , and then proposes the focus in practice on employees '  morale motivation , self - motivation , beforehand motivation and the effect of motivation , and finally introduces some successful practices and the positive effects in some specific hospital . "
thank you for gracing us all with your presence . 
"china should solve regional disputes through effective bilateral diplomacy and enhancing regional identity ,  so that national interests may be served well . "
those images and those eyes stare back at me through a television . 
"it ' s the idea that basically ,  the increment to wages that a worker requires"
the figure i saw was the deathly figure of the infamous jack the ripper . 
you are a healer in a stone age village . 
"we stood outside trying to see if the acoustics worked , "
"however ,  the qualification and informatization of management ,  layout ,  test and diagnostics about country human resources ,  there are scarcely any management concerning the matter . "
"he says that if the technology does work in orbit ,  the habitats will be ideal for building bases on the moon . "
"but i ' ll tell you one thing ,  templeton ,  if i ever catch you poking -  oking  - oking your ugly nose around our goslings ,  i ' ll give you the worst pounding a rat ever took . "
"if i do something that makes you happy ,  i get to share your joy . "
the same fish they were 300 million years ago . 
"if you ask her for the truth ,  she ’ll be square with you . "
cut back the covers of the neutral and live wires about one inch . 
"your resentment ,  rancor ,  jealousy and the defeat of the heart will eventually disappear . "
"cape verde currently counts three protected areas ,  namely monte gordo ( sao nicolau )  ,  serra da malagueta ( santiago )  and fogo natural park ,  which benefit from a project financed by the global environment fund . "
the audit process does not interfere in any way with operations being performed on the machine being audited . 
you ' il just embarrass yourself with them dirt - balls . 
"now ,  one of you  -  -  maybe it was you ,  maybe it was somebody else  -  -  this is true  -  -  asked this question :  “have you posted ,  yourself ,  a supportive opinion on a website under a disguised name ,  pretending you are one of the supporters of president obama ? ”  ( laughter .  ) "
"it ' s a psychic disconnect as well as an informational one .   "" when they are using these tools ,  ""  purcell notes ,   "" most people tell us they do not want to worry about where information about that behavior is going and how it is being used .  "" "
one hundred thousand dollars to the house of pirates ! 
that ' s sort of preventing both the access in the first place
our english course places great emphasis on conversational skills . 
the first thing i try and get my clients to do is cut down on their hours or at least work out a flextime deal with their bosses . 
"some people say that all stock  -  brokers are dishonest ,  but i don ' t think it ' s true . "
"when enough houses have treated nets ,  the combined effect can make a whole community safer mosquitoes . "
but as you know to start with we ' ll have more difficulty with new product . 
"the chinese investment in agricultural ,  industrial and fishing projects ,  all in sofala province ,  will create 315 jobs and ,  in one case ,  follows the new trend for aquiculture ,  especially in the coastal areas of sofala ,  zamb ézia and cabo delgado . "
i should point out that these are on the list because i couldn ' t stand them . 
"“you can earn a handsome income ,  and more importantly ,  both local people and foreign countries will benefit from it , ” said peng . "
that know how to live here gracefully on this planet . 
"in a new york times article dated january 26 ,  2010 , "
the size of the product you ' ve queried is one of our regulars . 
avoidfrivolousfees - people don’t build their nest eggs by letting pointless fees slide . 
fan  -  bei is a kind of recitative buddhism music ancient india . 
because that ' s the only way to get rid of your mind . 
your majesty .  .  .  your consort is not ill . 
u . s .  defense secretary leon panetta ' s revelation that pakistan is readying itself for the long - awaited offensive in north waziristan has again revived the controversy .  he told the associated press that army chief general ashfaq parvez kayani discussed the pakistani plan in recent talks with the u . s .  commander of nato forces in afghanistan general john allen . 
do you have a pet at home ? 
"well ,  given 93 %  of communication is non - verbal ,  i can tell you that many of the negatives above can be improved by focusing on one thing :  attitude . "
"i want you to leave my house ,  mike . "
jumpers may use one or two markers to assist in their runup and takeoff . 
where there had been no regard for the environment
"and you see a middle - aged man wearing a leather jacket , "
"maybe that ' s where your job is ,  mutsuko"
"the main problem with algae ,  whether grown on land or sea ,  is how to get enough of it . "
"which had been washed so many times it was basically see through , "
"rich dad stood and shut the creaky old wooden window that needed repair .  if you learn this lesson ,  you will grow into a"
and he got real impatient with all the dithering . 
a new formula with only four parameters is proposed proton radioactivity half  -  lives . 
"however ,  it lacks sufficient theoretical support ,  which makes the valued activity form hard to launch deeply in the practice and makes teachers diffident in using impromptu activities . "
"the whole thing ' s out of my hands now ,  but it looks like we have to postpone florida for another time . "
"“mozambique offers a set of attractions to potential foreign investors and opportunities derived from a relatively recent transition process to a market economy ,  ”said the“gateway to mozambique ,  ”report published at the end of last year . "
"14 .  a skin - careregimen ,  an exercise routine ,  and a plan for dealing with those few other facets of life that don ' t get better after 30 . "
it ' s not that innovation and technology is going to be the
"july 05  -  -  in joplin ,  a wounded beautician had a request for the busy intensive care nurse . "
"god ,  you made me look at this . "
does this argument satisfy the definition of validity or does it not ? 
"when he took office ,  unemployment centers were busy and the jobless rate was headed above 10 percent . "
"and we ' d make a copy of that on a cassette tape , "
"bifidobacteria are nonmotile ,  anaerobic ,  and ferment lactose and other sugars to acetic and lactic acids . "
but they do it by not having a nervous system  -  - 
a leader of the free world and a leader of a worldwide religion met for the first time yesterday . 
"2 ,  in despite of some impressed theory models ,  but there are little attempt to integrate these models with the human true metal process during inductive reasoning ,  so the theory models often just are the researchers '  imagine ; "
laojun mountain area is very rich in medical fungi resources .  it is known currently that there are about 211 species of medical fungi occur in that area .  among them nearly 50 species can be exploited for commercial development . 
they are opposed to the enclosure of common land . 
this state of discontent and disillusionment created a real crisis for the republic . 
"this is the building that  -  -  they had no money , "
it landed on the surface .  this is pictures taken on the way down . 
"in relation to angola ,  gon çalves said that selling off part of the local subsidiary to an angolan partner aimed ,  amongst other motives ,  to reduce exposure to the angolan construction market ,  thus reducing the company ' s risk . "
now that esperanza is married and is leaving .  .  .  we ' il need company . 
and try to get out of this capillary and find out what ' s going on . 
"new observers will also be admitted to the cplp ,  including the luso - american foundation ,  the gulbenkian foundation and non - government organization assist ência m édica internacional ( ami )  . "
"on an energetic or metaphysical level ,  many babies are born with karma or with the energetic resonance of their bloodline . "
"the senator from arizona ,  considered a maverick by some conservative republicans ,  will shortly receive a formal endorsement from president bush at the white house . "
"huambo ,  angola ,  28 july–angola ' s deputy transport minister ,  jos éjo ão kuvingwa ,  said tuesday in the city of huambo that the benguela railroad ( cfb )  may start operating in the first half of 2011 ,  a year ahead of the projected date . "
"i can share that with my friends ,  with my physician . "
i think one of the most important things to be a good leader is to know yourself .   be authentic .   know what you like and don ' t like and what your real strengths and weaknesses are .   when you are honest with yourself you will be a better leader and also people will appreciate it !  ! 
"some other stereotypes make the film a bit clichéd :  there ' s individual heroism  ( but the hero is a robot )  ,  there ' s a sharp contrast between good and evil ,  and there ' s budding chemistry between astro boy and cora ,  a member of a scientific group looking for robots . "
"but if you frequently fly first class or often find yourself seated next to a bathroom ,  you ' re sure to eventually encounter this simultaneously disappearing twosome .  they ' re the pda - loving couple who can ' t keep their hands off one another ,  flirty strangers hitting it off in the front of the plane or bucket - list seekers trolling virgin airline ' s in - flight chat system will absolutely hog the bathroom ,  create an awkward air in the air for aware passengers – and leave you with one helluva story to tell your friends once you land .  if only you could tell them to get a room . "
"and yet ,  for the four million years humans have been walking upright , "
yet even there women are paid less than men for similar work . 
"arkansas educators have long complained about the drooping attire ,  such as young men wearing saggy jeans that expose the top of colorful boxer shorts . "
are the students right ?  is it still two types of countries ? 
but from practical experience can we say anything about the archaeological prospects of this country ? 
"what do you mean ,  fix your life ? "
"as surface waters warm up through the summer ,  they become very buoyant . "
look at the authors '  photos on the back of their monographs ? 
opec secretary general abdalla salem el - badri says the cartel plans to boost its oil production targets by five million barrels a day by 2012 .  he was speaking on the final day of the international energy forum held in rome . 
"and the project  -  -  again ,  enormous ,  enormous competition  -  - "
there are two attacks on the protocol :  one is the active attack in which a malicious participant tries to disrupt establishment of a common conference key among the honest participants ; 
"as a result ,  even the well - studied rocks of north america are revealing that dinosaurs did not have it all their own way in the ecosystems of the mesozoic - as stephanie drumheller of the university of iowa and clint boyd of the university of texas at austin explained to the meeting . "
"fortunately ,  i did not handle in your hands ah"
"i heard about what happened at horseshoe valley 3 , 000 men destroyed 20 , 000 . "
"the liar ' s punishment is not in the least that he is not believed ,  but that he cannot believe anyone else . "
application of decision support system based on gis for returning farmland to forestland or grassland in the loess hill semi - arid region
but the rain might have come too late to save many farmers '  corn and soybean crops . 
suppose we want a stream of positive random numbers less than one that obey a backward  -  looking constraint . 
"for instance ,  in broadcast music and video frequency time ,  the media key shines is reappearing . "
but some regard this discovery as evidence that neanderthals could speak . 
he was trying to save my life . 
i stuck around for two more years and got transferred out of there . 
"for professionals and people with meteorological background ,  please click the following hyperlink to see the isohyet chart . "
i ' m stuck here in the studio with this bunch of fucking oddballs . 
i want him to think of this kind of dictionary as an eight - track tape . 
you can subscribe to updates from him .  you can talk to him . 
three replication volumes set up with guaranteed consistency for each of the volumes . 
presently ranked 1 1 9th in the world . 
" "" why doesn ' t the united states stop russia killing in syria ?  ""  he said . "
and two others that will give us a hand open and close signal . 
"and then when i did my book ,   "" thinking in pictures ,  "" "
"i want to thank chris and jacqueline ,  and just everyone for having me here . "
"“taag is currently banned from flying ( to europe )  and ,  while this is the case ,  we can only wait until the situation is put right ,  ”neto said . "
"for this steamer ,  liverpool is not a port of call . "
"substance abuse is a lifelong struggle , but beyond that , "
" "" i think that while both sides agreed these talks will not be secretive ,  we will try to push them away from the limelight to enable a constructive process of negotiations ,  ""  he said .   "" they will also be intensive ,  these negotiations .  "" "
"having sex before marriage tends to spoil sex after marriage ?  either there is guilt ,  fear ,  and loss of self - esteem ,  or they cannot easily satisfy their sexual gratification and therefore look for wrongful ways to enhance sexual drive . "
those who survived our swords that day soon fell far off his safe
"what if i lived with ,  you know ,  james mcavoy or jude law or something ? "
catch a falling star and put it in your pocket
we found at least 15e eopl pdead . 
i don ' t know why you want tosit through all those zombies eating people and no hot guys kissing anybody . 
that ' s why richon is number one in digital copiers in europe and in the u . 
i just gotta get my head right . 
the good news is i married her the next year . 
and you have the remembering self of patient a
they set out the chairs for the meeting in rows of ten . 
when things get this colossally screwed up people look for someone to blame . 
"by using its principles and analogies when they ' re advantageous , "
"i ' m sorry you have to live this way ,  honey . "
people came from the four corners of the world to see him . 
"so the final point here is that to understand how wikipedia works , "
"if we conclude the business on cif basis , what cover will you take out for the goods ? "
"if you change your tune ,  you change your attitude towards something or someone . "
the number of accidents is proportionate to the increased volume of traffic . 
don ' t make a sound unless i say . 
"for your reading pleasure ,  i ' m including the letter in full and have taken the liberty to highlight the classic bits . "
"we published the thing as a graphic novel ,  our first collaboration .  .  .  and ended up with rave reviews . "
" "" i didn ' t think she was going to be that big of a star but she had a gift .  it was strictly from god .  "" "
"but what ' s even cooler is that if i have two fingers , "
"“he’s indecisive , ” that means he can’t decide what he wants to do . "
"despite the fact that people say nobody will buy one , "
"one project being undertaken at osiris therapeutics in baltimore seeks to genetically engineer cells found in bone marrow ,  called mesenchymal stem cells ,  to periodically release vaccines to marshal the body ' s own defenses to attack invading pathogens . "
it appears in the literature time and time again . 
if you keep breaking up with tori like that one of these times she ' s not coming back . 
mr irby added that it is the same shirt he ' s been using for every photograph which he can still get into - as long as he sucks his stomach in a little . 
" "" lechery and the murder of my brother ,  abel .  "" "
"please take note of the life of the sound after the actual initial strike , "
put your hands against the wall please . 
"previous to coming to microsoft ,  i’ve bounced around the industry doing contracting ,  shrinkwrap development ,  and even a little bit of embedded software waaay back in the 90 ' s . "
the call centre has accommodation for over 2000 operators . 
the next show will be starting in five minutes . 
you told me i had one month off . 
"well ,  we don ' t have to do this now . "
there are many earth day song lyrics available on the internet . 
"some other students ,  however ,  don’t take sex and relationships seriously . "
"and this cloud of matter is much more spherical than the galaxy themselves , "
"as an asynchronous messaging method ,  e - mail has wide application ,  which has close relation to modem education and credence in law . "
"i have a medical condition that i need to see you about ,  and by law you have to help me . "
"we were at guadalcanal ,  and when it was secure we were pulled out for rest ,  refitting ,  replacements and retraining . "
here ' s another reason to reject a zero - salary job offer :  working for no pay is against the law . 
i can be there in 15 minutes . 
"as some of you might know ,  i ' ve got more than 4 , 000 followers on twitter . "
"so one half ,  one quarter ,  one fifth  -  -  we ' re good at that . "
"during a ceremony to sign a financing contract for us $ 400 million by an angolan banking syndicate ,  morais said that his government was adopting a policy of substituting external loans for internal ones . "
"as events of the last few months have shown ,  we are all in this together . "
"is the same ,  and i ' m going to prove it to you .  "" "
japan ' s leader has also repeatedly discussed the idea of creating an  ' east asia '  community modeled after the european community . 
and i expect them to follow my guidance  -  - 
he had the hire of a car for a week . 
enable this if you want the original digital sound  ( ac 3 )  . 
"so ,  because this is as much a philosophical advance"
"industry executives have dismissed suggestions that gsk or other western drug companies would withdraw from china ,  given its strategic importance . "
"for the word of the cross is foolishness to those who are perishing ,  but to us who are being saved it is the power of god . "
the un secretary general ban ki - moon joined the chorus of international condemnation directed at the syrian government over the weekend . 
"she ' s at that kiss on the lips party ,  you know ? "
"the dollar ' s position is suboptimal but stable and self - reinforcing ,  he writes . "
"finishing instrument lathe model c0520b is suitable for machine shops of instrument and meter industry ,  watch making industry ,  light industry of scientific research institutes and colleges . "
"dj :  it was the only way for me to save the marriage , "
"and the remnant that remaineth of the curtains of the tent ,  the half curtain that remaineth ,  shall hang over the backside of the tabernacle . "
now you must shoulder the burden of tsubagakure . 
the stenographer may be either a hotel employee or an employee of a concessionaire . 
"firstly ,  it retrospects the historical evolution of indian asia  -  pacific security strategy during the cold war . "
i am so excited and thrilled for you . 
"we asked that to a junkie and they ' re like ,   "" are you nuts ?  "" "
"and ,  depending on the content ,  could ultimately blow up in your face , "
i knew i ' d never get my operation . 
"at the time he sought to persuade the outraged settlers and their influential lobby that he would not then proceed to wrest the west bankfrom their grip ,  handing it back to the palestinians as the basis of their state . "
when the war broke out  -  -  civil war  -  - 
" "" you really should sell them ;  you do a very good job ,  ""  they say . "
"the hospital mortality was significantly lower in the protocoldirected group compared with the physician - directed group  ( 34 . 3 %  vs 61 . 1 %  ,  p  =  0 . 024 )  . "
"instead ,  he got joe ,  bellowing across the press room . "
entertaining expense and other charges amount dls 2568 which debit your a / c
" ' cause it ' s actually two names ,  you know . "
"he was hurok , king of the cyclops people . "
"for example ,  government experts first said the u . s .  economy expanded at a 1 . 5 percent annual rate during april ,  may ,  and june . "
"7 .  after use ,  waste water has to be treated ,  and some methane from sewage escapes into the atmosphere .  take showers rather than baths and reduce your shower time by two minutes .  this will save water and give you an extra two minutes in bed . "
"it was found that when benzophenone - sensitized 3 , 4 - polyisoprene was irradiated by 80w high pressure mercury lamp ,  the photocrosslinking reaction could take place .  the gel fraction and crosslinking density were dependent on the irradiation time ,  the amount of benzophenone used and molecular weight of 3 , 4 - polyisoprene . "
"so ,  bringing together the small to help facilitate and create the big , "
"column sorting is an option that allows users to sort columns in a view ascending ,  descending ,  or both . "
"no ,  by money ,  here i mean that he performs consistently at a high level . "
companies  -  private companies  -  do not have to pay you for the days that you are serving on a jury  -  that you are sitting . 
"though mocked as otherworldly ,  he stuck to his crusade for a “new ireland”—reunified or not ,  as the majority in the north wanted it—in which catholic and protestant identities would be equally celebrated . "
and the central idea that makes this computer work
he took one look at her and figured it was a scam . 
another review by the hollywood reporter echoes this idea by saying :  “it was comforting to see that masters of sex has depth of vision and plenty of dramatic material to delve into without taking the easy way out with a nipple and a romp every 10 minutes . ”
"a rich husband ,  a car of your own ,  and ten thousand pounds a year to spend on yourself . "
and i started to realize that the cycles of fertility
but the mystique of science had not yet covered the earth . 
"you know what uncle ,  i want to quit too . "
"the spanish company expects that the construction stage of its project will require over 8 million working hours ,  and will employ between 1 , 200 and 1 , 500 people . "
"all components should be free of grease ,  oil ,  and other contaminants . "
"but for second - hand housing ,  property rights are very clear ,  submitted to ,  inter alia ,  in 2 months time to complete . "
fault diagnosis based on this standard proves the standard credible and has high value of engineering application . 
"in sickening parallel to the quality problems plaguing other consumer products ,  examples like these are flagrant abuses of the trust of the chinese media consumer . "
"the company said it cut prices to clear inventory ,  which it called ' normal market behavior .  ' "
"at a press conference ,  city police commissioner raymond kelly said the device was not sophisticated and was in a small box .  he said one witness reported seeing a man on a bicycle in the area of the explosion shortly before it happened ,  but the witness did not say that he saw the bicyclist plant ,  throw or detonate the device . "
on hiv prevalence in the general population in africa until about 2003 . 
this piece of string is too short .  join another piece on to it . 
" "" all the great thinkers of humanity have left happiness in the vague"
"what time is it ,  do you know ? "
friendly bacteria  -  -  living symbiotically in your mouth and throat
tuesday he took his grandkids horseback riding . 
"his goal was superb ,  his first since that strike against arsenal in 2004 ' s champions league quarter  -  final . "
the distribution range of the marmot lay from the fron tiers between china and mongolia and between china and ussr in the west tothe foot of the western slope of the mountain da hinggan ling in the east and from 50°20 '  north latitude in the north to the frontier between china and mongolia in the - south . 
"music is a powerful emotional stimulus ,  and it ' s something you can always turn to whenever you ' re feeling bad . "
there ' s kind of the skin version of the soft tissue . 
is their days are the same length :  24 hours . 
don ' t sniff at his effort .  he ' s made great progress . 
"the danger isn ' t just the threat of popular unrest ,  though :  it ' s that soaring property prices make people feel less wealthy and less inclined to consume . "
is anybody going to fill me in on what happened here ? 
"age .  yes ,  age is a very sensitive subject to many americans ,  especially to women over age 30 . "
"in the insurance business ,  the term  "" average ""  simply means  "" loss ""  in most cases . "
"think of it as us saying ,   "" you ' re just too valuable to promote .   "" "
"genre is an important factor .  according to a survey by chinese online literature platform cloudary ,  of 100 online novels whose copyrights were sold by cloudary for adaption in 2012 ,  modern city novels ,  historical romances and war stories were the most popular . "
and yet only three percent of the world ' s health care workers . 
somebody opened the door and the candle blew out . 
it ' s also interesting to think about what other things are  -  - 
"why ,  would you move the body ,  mr .  cogburn ? "
"aimed at middle - class city residents ,  the development ,  slated for completion in early 2016 ,  will be linked to downtown yangon by ferry ,  and by road to the japanese - led thilawa special economic zone . "
"and you see this part of the country ,  the kind of appalachians region , "
"so fei spoke to us of his hope of becoming ,  for the communist government ,  a part of “the loyal opposition . ”"
"lu ísa diogo also revealed that tax revenues increased 14 percent to 11 billion meticals ( us $  438 . 77 thousand )  ,  which was used for public spending . "
"if aphids ,  thrips or other insects invade your rose bushes ,  you may be able to force them off with just a strong spray of water . "
"preliminary report from the american economic mission now in greece ,  and reports from the american ambassador in greece ,  collaborate the statement of the greek government that assistance is imperative if greece is to survive as a free nation . "
but the behavior of the fly on the left is very different . 
they all accredited him with the authorship of this book . 
" "" the sum of all the rage and hate felt by his whole race . "
"by a number of west african women ,  that africans didn ' t want saving , "
"the truth is my grandmother meta ferret at the san diego petting zoo ,  but nothing happened . "
fold  -  thrust belts and salt  -  related structures are very fold  -  thrust belt of tarim basin in northwest china . 
it ' s because these circuits are producing pain that ' s no longer helping you . 
for it is helping us to put a face on the high seas
so it is only right that family and friends are all .  .  . 
"this is why we have soft openings ,  so things like this don ' t happen . "
"has been higher than the eiffel tower ,  higher than the empire state building . "
"with the baby boom ,  the focus of educators and of laymen interested in education inevitably turned toward the lower grades and back to basic academic skills and discipline . "
i gotta get you out of here . 
"the us group said its new privacy terms ,  which combine 60 former policies into one for all its customers ,  would allow it to provide a better service .  google now ,  which provides intuitive updates based on calendar entries ,  location patterns and emails ,  is one example of a service making use of the new approach . "
"paul :  i can ' t .  when it comes to calculus ,  it ' s all greek to me . "
"all this change was driven ,  in turn ,  by liberalisation ,  by technological innovation and by developments in financial economics . "
i don ' t allow people to insult or belittle me .  i don ' t get hostile ;  i just walk away . 
they all pitched in and finished the work within two hours . 
but the average of all these studies came out  -  - 
the article is a savage attack on her past action . 
"and you know what ,  it ' s true ;  they actually can do that now . "
the strong quotient whom i examine why do you explain it ? 
"we both wanted to live in a house ,  but we loved this type of building . "
"at the same time ,  they’re rewarding in many ways . "
read the papers if you want to keep abreast of the times . 
"at last ,  it studied the government ,  disadvantage enterprises and advantage enterprises game behaviors and their nash equilibrium . "
the fascia panel in 308 rc z concept car has been taken directly from the hatchback . 
"existing studies of climate sensitivity mostly rely on data gathered from weather stations ,  which go back to roughly 1850 . "
opthimizations of aggregate gradation for stone mastic asphalt mixture
"but psychological vulnerability  -  such as when the women were immature or unintelligent  -  resulted in them being given a higher rating ,  according to the study by researchers at texas - austin university . "
"the participants '  brain scans were monitored while they were being tickled ,  and when they tickled themselves . "
what we do have is the flexibility of an academic center
i don ' t think i ' m ready for paranoid park . 
" "" basically ,  liabilities are obligations to disburse cash or other assets or to provide services in the future .  "" "
"however the study ,  which has been published in obesity research ,  found a wider hip circumference was not linked with better heart health in men . "
"while on the surface ,  cutting marketing costs may look good on the balance sheet ,  you should look at marketing as an investment in your business  -  not a cost . "
it is estimated that eight - five percent of families in south sudan are farmers who depend on animals and agriculture to live . 
"if the mailer refuses to open a parcel for inspection ,  chunghwa post may refuse to accept the said mail item for delivery . "
you lead - swinger (  slacker )  !  how dare you skip off and leave me to do all the headache stuff ! 
"now ,  there are only 5 countries where women ' s salaries make up 80 %  of men ' s ,  while the income of the chinese women equals to 80 . 4 %  that of man ' s . "
from now on i ' m gonna call you diego
radial arm is the part on which the headstock is mounted . 
"nor do they factor in debt ,  particularly student debt loads ,  which have ballooned for both public and private colleges in recent years . "
"mr .  bank ,  i just wanna thank youfor throwing me out of your hotel . "
i’ve run across some really good blogs with lots of useful information — they do everything right — except that they’re always trying to sell me stuff . 
"you know , i thought you ' d never get out . "
this price will allow a good margin of profit . 
"they may have told him to build a prison ,  but ,  in his own mind ,  he was raising walls to protect himself . "
" #  well i was in trouble ,  bad . "
expect your child to mess up — all children do . 
and that was the mission that we came up with . 
"everything is my business ,  i have restaurants to run . "
"i may be out of place ,  but my mother left home when i was a boy . "
"after boycotts and negative publicity ,  monster ' s makers agreed to drop the matter provided that rock art did not start making energy drinks . "
"december isn ' t typically the most optimistic of times ,  but today is a good day for beginning a softball game . "
but in fact most anesthetics don ' t work that way . 
"and in the measure that you can do that ,  you can go home today , "
i ' ve worked as a doctor clown in a hospital for two years . 
designed and built a viewing platform to ease the frustration
she will talk at rutgers next week ;  did you ever lecture at harvard ? 
"of genetic engineering ,  one of the things you can do with your"
you can really start to see the stories told by the hands here . 
what you have just said does not accord with what you told us earlier . 
" "" although it ' s disappointing to see that the violence that has ensued since my last visit has resulted in an iraq where it is more difficult to move around ,  there ' s no doubt in my mind that the long - term future of the iraqi people is far brighter and that the transition to power in the hands of the iraqi people has and is occurring ,  ""  she said . "
and i wouldn ' t say that is the wrong thing in all circumstances . 
taiaroa head – the only mainland albatross breeding colony in the world – has recorded only two previous instances of females setting up a nest together in the past 70 years . 
brazilian police say it ' s difficult to find out who among .  more than 200 prisoners was involved in the plot .  the cat has been taken into custody at an animal rescue center . 
"in fact ,  i feel exactly what you feel . "
"red - lining was used by banks ,  wherein certain sections of the city , "
"miss burge ,  a former nurse ,  is more than capable of paying for the lavish parties and gifts thanks to the lucrative business she runs organising plastic surgery and swinging parties and writingeroticnovels . "
they attend evangelistas families of all the country . 
if you really want to achieve solving this problem of blindness . 
"if it does not rain tomorrow ,  we shall have a picnic . "
"previously ,  i felt sympathy for the leonard character ,  now i just find him to be whiny and annoying . "
"it is the second - largest island in the state ,  with an economy based chiefly on sugar cane ,  pineapples ,  and tourism . "
"if you were to walk into one of these rooms ,  you would see this . "
i ' m afraid of what you ' ve got under there . 
"the police say about 30 prisoners escaped during the attack ,  but most were recaptured . "
"and so when you ' re copying this dna molecule to pass it on ,  it ' s a pretty tough job . "
"in the first season of china’s got talent ,  we’ve encountered yi’s ability to emotionalize people – the tear - jerking moments and all . "
israel and hamas traded rocket fire for eight days after an israeli missile strike killed the hamas military chief in gaza city . 
an authoritarian regime ;  autocratic government ;  despotic rulers ;  a dictatorial rule that lasted for the duration of the war ;  a tyrannical government . 
it does not even lower the use of alcohol . 
but the clean - car gap widens even more among those who clean their car twice a week . 
"recently ,  the eswat under athena has been growing larger and relations with the military go from bad to worse . "
"which is good news for the emotionally positive ,  but bad for the emotionally negative ,  for it implies that those who most need a psychosomatic boost are incapable of generating one . "
we ' re worrying that a decline in prices might lead to refusal of payment . 
"some european states ,  like germany ,  have taken the view that the european union should moderate its response if it wants to assume a mediator role to try to persuade russia to pull back its troops ,  to accept international peacekeepers and to eventually strike a long - term solution acceptable to all . "
now one can choose to await these coming times and find oneself and one ' s family hard pressed to survive ; 
i ' m laying there and i ' m trying not to come and i wanna .  .  . 
it is now sin you a favor . 
shouldn ' t we wait for the bed to arrive ? 
"ladies feeling adventurous might try the cotton candy cosmopolitan ,  as pink as it sounds . "
"since he had been alone ,  he had placed his bed in the antechamber ,  in order to inhabit that deserted apartment as little as possible . "
avoid having christmas cookies stick to a baking tray with expert tips in this free christmas crafts video . 
"for the some top pharmaceutical companies in the world ,  those depending on heavy bomb drugs to drive the market are facing pressure . "
"in many langya mountain landscape ,  there are several important landscape must  -  visit . "
"meanwhile ,  chelsea youngster scott sinclair has signed a new four  -  year deal at stamford bridge . "
i ' d want to close this thing out right now . 
"more precisely ,  spending is forecast at 48 . 1 per cent of gdp in 2010 - 11 ,  up from 40 . 8 per cent in 2008 - 09 ,  and current receipts are forecast at 36 . 2 per cent of gdp ,  down from 36 . 9 per cent in 2008 - 09 . "
they ' re gonna be there waiting on my guys . 
this desperate situation it made with that they did not have will to continue . 
" "" i call up marty scorsese ,  i say ,   ' marty its jh .  i ' m ready to get in the ring together .  '  he says ,   ' finally ,  '  ""  the 30 - year - old actor recalled .   "" then i say ,   ' should we get dicaprio on board ?  '  and marty says ,   ' i don ' t know if he can handle it .  sure he ' s a movie star and puts teenage girls in the seats .  but we need a real actor like you .  '  "" "
"the characteristics and advantages of press - spraying and granulate drying technique used in the production of basic chromium sulfate are described .  through the analysis of the date in the run , the optimum parameters are determined . "
they also let students know about job openings and events like job recruitment fairs . 
"no .  not in regular government pay and employment ,  to lay traps ? "
how would you like to be stuffed in this closet while i go out there and have sex ? 
tell him to get away from me ! 
"before she died in 2005 ,  mrs .  parks told douglas brinkley ,  her biographer ,  that she posed for the picture . "
"after conducting more than 300 interviews and looking at sociological data ,  eric klinenberg ,  a professor of sociology at new york university ,  concluded that single people are more socially outgoing and active than their committed counterparts . "
there were unseen dangers from every side for the travellers . 
brennan sent all this evidence from england ? 
new york mayor rudolph giuliani disclosed wednesday that he and wife are moving toward legal separation . 
" "" you ' re too big to fit in here "" "
"the cow girl is back ,  at least according to dolce  &  gabbana ,  whose spring / summer 2010 collection is an homageto westernchic— but with a sexy . "
my daughter is going to cross the living room . 
tell them we ' il assist with the entry . 
"and in the naughty ,  incredibly and huck uncovered a murder ,  become all admired the little hero . "
"which is a very famous story in the indian and buddhist tradition , "
"two socks ,  like cisco ,  has become a trusted friend . "
"ladies and gentlemen ,  we have a live feed to the signing of the peace agreement . "
which is thought to be one of the oldest redwoods .  there they are . 
we wake up in the morning and we feel we make decisions . 
digital campus system is playing a very important role in teaching and building up a network fictitious university is the inevitable tendency of digital campus construction . 
"for each constituent word in the input service name ,  look up the synonyms in the database . "
four purebred yorkshire terriers stolen at gunpoint more than a week ago have been reunited with their owners . 
"one set of principles ,  one master equation ,  if you will . "
"officials in guinea say the head of the public treasury ,  aissatou boiro who had fought against public corruption has been shot dead . "
this is a graduate student .  this is what he ' s doing to his thesis project  -  - 
it ' s an online music video for the arcade fire . 
"i say it here ,  it comes out there . "
"anyway ,  being a lesbian is not that big a deal . "
petro :  marxism - leninism disappeared because it was the dogmatic application of the official state doctrine . 
"and if she is at the depths of mortality , "
"d & l - parson  ( yantai )  co .  , ltd .  is the joint venture in china invested and set up d & l  ( yantai )  co .  , ltd and parson adhesives inc . "
" ( 15 )  dear annie :  a couple of years ago ,  i applied for a job at a company where i ' ve always wanted to work . "
"now ,  rick warren uses scientific terms and scientific factoids"
"the aircraft are part of an original option order between the brazilian manufacturer and us airways ,  which increases to 75 the buy options taken up by republic ,  embraer said in a statement . "
we ' il take a boat from there to shanghai
from whatever parts that happen to be around nearby . 
"don ' t feel odd ,  you will be getting along soon"
" "" hearing stories about recession in the west ,  i keep wondering whether i should stay invested in the stock market or not .  it keeps me awake nights ,  ""  said dhir . "
"if the west winds of upper and lower layers are disconnected ,  the shallow warm and moist air of lower layer is favorable to the formation of the south - west vortex . "
we love each other . let ' s take another flight . let ' s leave tomorrow . 
i hope the average joe will be able to keep the smile on his face . 
the server then culls policy information from the directory and dynamically configures the network based on the defined policies . 
but maybe these disagreements over journalistic ethics miss the point . 
"so i wrote him back and i said ,   "" what about an n of 45 , 004 ?  "" "
the headstrong new couple entered into a marriage doomed to failure . 
you can ' t leave me alone with these people . 
emin ' s father constructed the wooden trestle sitting amongst the potted plants . 
fasto even puta soldier up on the rock . 
"the average iq score on the intelligence test is 100 ,  with most of the population falling somewhere between 85 and 115 on the scale . "
"maputo ,  mozambique ,  22 feb–the business environment in mozambique is“critical ”despite the efforts of the country ' s government ,  the director of the mozambique delegation of the world bank ,  michael baxter said tuesday in maputo . "
" ( 2 )  the antifeeding test showed tha insects tested were induced head capsule oplysis and further feeding was inhibited by exposare to rh5849 for 12 - 24 hours .   ( 3 )  flistological examination revealed tha rh5849 ,  mimicking the activity of the natural ecdysone ,  indoced a premature and lethal larval molt . "
"larry ddraugustht beery :  no ,  i heard that .  i got that .  welcome bair conditionerk . "
the railway linking zambia and tanzania needs to be modernised and the connection made to the already rebuilt benguela railroad . 
"he uses very little chemical fertilizer ,  weed killers or insecticides ,  and does not grow genetically modified crops . "
the united states congratulates the commission and its member nations for nearly two decades of achievement . 
"in fact ,  the families and work institute says vacation deprivation causes workers to make more mistakes and build anger and resentment against co - workers . "
as a determinant in the quality of someone ' s life . 
funded property therefore cannot counted as part of the national wealth . 
"pierce showed a documentary called “other sheep ,  ” about the unhappy fate of amerasian children in south korea ,  most of them sired by american servicemen and left behind at the end of the war . "
it affects about 300m people  ( almost 5 %  of the population )  . 
"he reached instinctively into his pocket ,  thinking he ' d wait for a street - hawker to come by and buy a loaf of bread ,  when he suddenly remembered that he had no money with him . "
and i had always been like a little scientist guy . 
"my child will not die of that frightful malady ,  for lack of succor . "
she realised then that horrific sexual violence was taking place in every village round goma . 
and it ' s one that ' s going to help us conquer
"it ' s a way of working with him ,  with his government . "
"even if booze doesn ' t send you out looking for a fight ,  it often lowers the threshold of anger ,  meaning that small annoyances that you would normally brush off might make you want to fight . "
"the book ' s description on amazon says  "" you may think you know about the wealthy and famous ,  but you ' ve never seen them under an investigation like this .  "" "
and it works just like it does in the animal . 
his case was financed by speculators who hoped to profit from his victory . 
"features :  excellent insulation and heat proof ,  small size ,  low dissipation and good reliability of capacitance . "
suzhou is most famous for its parks . 
"so it might be that ,  if you went to a french restaurant"
"according to the guinness book of world records ,  india ranks third behind the usa and the uk in the number of records claimed each year . "
"before you launch into alice in wonderland ,  find out what kind of story the interviewer wants to hear . "
"he loved her and his children ,  so much he gave up years of his life"
" "" we come with no pre - conditions with the administration ,  ""  said hoyer .   "" we want to act together ,  we want to act in a targeted way ,  to help those most challenged by the economic downturn that we have confronted .  "" "
"now ,  the first rule of political life is you never let a president get behind the wheel of a car ,  ever . "
"please ,  in god ' s name ,  show me the grail . "
"you know ,  but really it ' s the kind of same old crap we ' ve had for the last , "
" ?  i got enough nerve to come up to you ,   ? "
you know who i ' m remembering right now ? 
"the boys in the lab ,  sure ,  they ' re hard drinkers ,  but they ' re pros ,  you know . "
"the content of cis —1 ,  4— unit can be increased by adding sich  _  3 cl  _  3 into the polymerization system . "
why not try using one of these tips next time you ' re introduced to someone ? 
david schwimmer accused the handlers of his on - screen pal marcel the monkey of being too possessive .  he claims that he was never allowed to bond with the creature . 
" "" i think he will be remembered as the leader who put cuba on the world map .  before castro ,  cuba was considered something of a banana republic .  it did not count for anything in world politics .  castro certainly changed all that and ,  suddenly ,  cuba was playing a major role on the world stage ,  in africa as an ally of the soviet union ,  in asia ,  and certainly in latin america ,  ""  smith said . "
for openers we ' ll get rid of this old furniture . 
"outwardly ,  perhaps ,  but inside me ,  i still want the same things . "
what will we do without .  .  .  their razor - sharp political advice ? 
and i think total personalization in this new world will require total transparency . 
in the early 1970s the clean air act divided the country into “attainment” counties that met federal standards for certain airborne pollutants and “non - attainment” counties in which polluters faced tougher regulatory oversight . 
slow down a bit and let him pull ahead . 
"i feel so guilty ,  because all i ever prayed for was to have a family . "
did they explain to you how your belt buckle works ? 
president goodluck jonathan condemned the attack and said he remained committed to fighting terrorism .  will ross reports . 
"you may say ,  for example ,  to your husband or wife “how much milk do we have left in the refrigerator , ” meaning how many more bottles or cartons of milk do we have . "
do you want to push through or go for another one ? 
he spent last week preparing for the civil service exam . 
a man accepts the consequences of being male ;  he makes no apologies for his nature . 
"cypriot officials have spent the week in frantic negotiations to avoid defraying the costs of the €10bn bailout ,  by seizing €5 . 8bn from cypriot bank accounts – the central eurozone demand last week and the measure that sparked panicked withdrawals . "
she touched a drop of the leakage with her finger and tasted it . 
"the combined firm will have  $ 91 billion in revenue in 2012 ,  estimates lawrence marsh ,  an analyst at barclays capital . "
do you know how long i ' ve been waiting for you ? 
a hotheaded decision ;  liable to such impulsive acts as hugging strangers ;  an impetuous display of spending and gambling ;  madcap escapades ;   (  ` brainish '  is archaic )  . 
so pack up and hand over the keys .  .  . 
do you think whether or not you got any sense of ?  obsession or fike regarding conventional work and life ? 
click the drop down menu and choose ' a 4  '  . 
good things come in double doses – so it is with films . 
i guess it ' s just that goldman here gets under my skin . 
" "" when i was a high school counselor 20 years ago ,  i had many parents say ,  ' i want my daughter to take home economics because she ' s just going to get married ,  '  "" says nancy perry ,  executive director of the american school counselor association . "
bernardo dramos said that the three credit lines were mainly aimed at encouraging mozambican business owners in the sector as inatur had concluded that“mozambicans have ideas but don ' t have capital . ”
"the advantage of local news is that it has become the break - through for the media to show its actual strength .  to succeed in writing the local news , we must deeply exploit the local news resources , gain advantages in terms of quality as well as quantity , and emphasize the importance of the news at the core .  as for the writing angles and writing methods , we should strive to localize regional news and international news . "
"but the wedding isat his family ' s estate in hewitt ,  texas . "
and you can make puzzles like this one that aren ' t solvable at all . 
belt coveyer and distributing material spiral mac hi nes and implements were discussed and ap - plied to concrete plate casting of ro ck - fill dam . 
i guess our place isn ' t what she ' d imagined
" ' this study finds that men and women respond very differently todisplays of emotion ,  including smiles .  ' "
she tacked the sleeves on and sew them up . 
"it ' s obviously a very big commercial company ,  and so this little , "
i am loving this journey … sharing my truth … and saying it exactly as i see it !  ♥ ♫ ♪
here ' s calcudoku ' s summary on the data it looked at : 
ever for the study of unknown life forms on our planet . 
a sudden engine failure forced the pilot to ditch  ( in the irish sea )  . 
"as there were strange marks on the x - ray plates taken of the mummy ,  doctors have been trying to find out whether the woman died of a rare disease . "
antarctica left me awestruck by its majesty and beauty with a feeling that i had been to a magical place . 
"i have an opinion of this myself because of the business i ' m in , "
it ' s like everyone in here is 1 2 years old . 
"she must have been 6 years old ,  this beautiful brown haired ,  freckle  -  faced image of innocence . "
i just think these not only belong to myself
"the chinese auteur is trying something new ,  after his first american film  ( kind -  of cliché ?  )  ,  here ' s his first martial arts films . "
"2 .  attractive situation .  whether at children ' s soccer games or in the office ,  losers go home early .  winners stick around .  my studies show that there is less absenteeism or tardiness in organizations known for their successes .  there is also more solidarity ,  because people spend more time together feeling good about what they can accomplish .  more time together brings more chances for information - sharing and mentoring . "
"osvaldo gimenez ,  invites to lead your compatriot to tumble out shanghai ,  the shanghai fan does not welcome you ! "
"yeah ,  it ' s a fabulous movie if you haven ' t seen it . "
a method for quantitative analysis of nitrofen in soils and water by rp  -  hplc was introduced . 
"that ' s giving people cancer in places like  "" cancer alley ""  and shortening lives"
"in dialectical philosophy one , two , three and many are of the meanings in four yardsticks of relation , function , structure and development analysis .  it is not suitable to exclude the meanings in other yardsticks with the meaning in one yardstick , or take out disorderly from the meanings of multi - yardstick a few different aspects and put them together ; "
"this is not me ,  following in my father ' s footsteps . "
local officials say the clash took place monday night in kandahar province . 
"mccormack said all american staffers are safe and accounted for at the embassy ,  which has closed temporarily . "
"about 42 %  of senior managers in a new officeteam poll cited  "" not asking for help ""  as the no .  1 networking mistake in a new survey by staffing firm officeteam . "
this is a problem that is currently lacking a solution . 
that girl can givea nice little speech . 
and its resolving power will help with the search for extrasolar planets . 
how did that go under the radar ? 
"simply put ,  there is toomuch debt to go bad . "
vegas and the super bowl cleaned me out . 
"last month ,  the u . s .  food and drug administration asked drug companies to voluntarily change the words on the containers of antibiotics so far use in farm animals . "
then so is almost every other environment .  so is the earth .  so is a polluted earth . 
states parties must take steps forward in conformity with the principle of progressive realization . 
"granny said we have to pick them ,  sure they ' il be useful . "
each ticket costs around £16 but it is sub - divided into four participations which cost around £4 each . 
you will neer have what you like until you learn to like what you have . 
as vile worms sang their hideous song . 
"it is not without its critics ,  but newer versions of the specification are attempting to address these concerns while maintaining backward compatibility . "
sometimes we not only display tabular data but also make it editable hence have to be saved and updated . 
the amount of bootlegged tobacco is much smaller than that from large  -  scale smuggling . 
i am happy to find you are on good terms with your neighbors . 
"with an overwhelming russian force massed along its eastern borders , "
"but ,  how easy for me to tell him what he should do . "
think of the things that matter to your company the most . 
many people who are single say their jobs don ' t leave them with enough time to meet mr .  or mrs .  right . 
"and the two of us enjoy each other ,  and each one tries to get out of their own , "
"coral ,  all these natural forces ,  take away what they don ' t need"
built with no regard for the neighborhoods that were divided by it . 
that is not the relationship i signed up for . 
"bradesco banco de investimento ( bbi )  ,  for example ,  aims to lead the sector within three years ,  valor economico said . "
"for example ,  exploding bill  -  of  -  materials and calculating economic order quantities are difficult tasks with today ' s rdbmss . "
"you have the option to go after any career field imaginable ,  but with each endeavor come specific steps that you must prepare for and be willing to devote your time to . "
"for health ' s sake ,  i suggest you never eat in the night market . "
"you know ,  i went to a psychic who told me that .  .  . "
"however ,  no case has surfaced thus far ,  according to him .  “there are many listings for rooms available for rent for a day or even an hour all over town ,  "" "
"well ,  i said we also have a plan .  and our plan is quite simple . "
"if you ' ll meet with the group ,  mentally prepare .  be ready to spread your attention to everyone in the room – especially the quiet people .  don ' t worry about pausing before answering questions .  in a group setting it ' s less noticeable when you take a second to gather your thoughts .  above all ,  remember in a group setting it ' s easy to fall into  "" presentation mode .  ""  don ' t .  an interview is a conversation and a group interview is still one conversation .  .  .  just with more people . "
"furthermore ,  monte carlo sampling method is used to simulate reservoir lithofacies ,  based on different neighborhood systems of markov chain models . "
"appearance encompasses the positive and negative aspects of properly molded blue - veined cheeses ,  and the defect of moldy bread ,  as well as the quality attribute of ground vanilla bean specks in vanilla ice cream . "
"whatever its side - effects ,  a scramble to invest in africa has got to be better than the european precedent ;  a scramble to carve it up . "
because of this radiation they said the substance was radioactive . 
"so then lookin '  at the scores this morning ,  all three were showing as tied . "
"so ,  first of all ,  my own stories .  these are two of my sketchbooks . "
fugui loses his son to the great leap forward and his daughter to the cultural revolution . 
you can see the tombs and pines and so on and so forth along the way . 
"and cut out the rituals linked to your bad habits .  no eating in front of the tv ,  ever . "
"a “coupon” is a small piece of paper ,  usually ,  that a shopper  ( someone in a store )  will show in order to get a discount . "
the hong kong polytechnic university has offered her a place in the school of hotel and tourism management leading to the award of a bachelor of science in hotel management . 
"that have never been charted ,  the genomic sequences of which we don ' t know . "
the name sahara conjures up images of a desert of aridity . 
"afraid she would make fun of miss sun for not earning as much as she did ,  hsin - mei coughed loudly . li merely replied ,  "" quite a lot ,  quite a lot - "
yesterday morning i was in a very upmarket part of london for a client meeting and i saw a young woman sleeping in an alleyway . 
the elvis hairsare going up her nose . 
several people in the audience here  -  -  who were very helpful . 
"during your first adventure ,  the egg will hatch and give you a pet as a reward . "
"his family owned a factory that built airplanes ,  and he fell in love with planes and flying at an early age . "
i couldn  ' t say no to my father . 
"activities are due to begin in september in changara ,  a project which involves four mining licences covering an area of 525 square kilometres ,  next to the border with zimbabwe . "
"the playboy wouldn’t ever like to live with her ,  but he’s nothing loath to take her out to the theatre or a restaurant . "
"or if you ' re looking for an assault rifle ,  i have the m203 with under - barrel grenade launcher . "
"applying the scheme to the noisy channel ,  it can improve the performance of vector quantizer . "
i ' m getting complaints about a woman crying hysterically . 
"at the beginning of this article i promised you that beep made use of xml ,  and by this point you ' d be forgiven for wondering where . "
"they went on working ,  taking no note of the passage of time . "
"because you ' re not your thoughts or emotions .  you are just the observer of them .  that can be hard to understand at times when you don ' t feel like taking action though since you may have spent several decades of your life totally identified with your thoughts and feelings .  it takes time to reprogram those old ,  ingrained habits .  over time you ' ll be able to remember this and just do things more and more consistently .  read more about this in just do it ! "
"at one moment he felt certain that it was broad daylight outside ,  and at the next equally certain that it was pitch darkness . "
the more the circuit board is going to surge with energy . 
the picture i ' m showing you is of leopold auenbrugger
search a list of area code information for the text in the body of the received e -  mail . 
"you fuck him up ,  but before you talk about fucking anybody ,  why don ' t you check the door ? "
"praia ,  cape verde ,  01 aug–the number of tourists visiting cape verde has increased 25 percent between 2000 and 2005 ,  boosting the sector ' s contribution to the growth of the archipelago ' s economy ,  officials said . "
how would he know to do that ? 
the pilot landed the helicopter in a rice field . 
"has been able to tell us in the last few weeks , "
"it ' s only been with us for less than a century , "
"during these periods ,  dr ip noted that oxygen was being extracted from it . "
long ago scientists knew that current was a form of energy . 
"now ,  these are not goals or desires ,  these are universal . "
notice how in the gospel of john repeatedly these issues come down to christology . 
see if you can dig up any useful information from those plate numbers .  the suv is probably stolen . 
there ' s gotta be another way into the generator . 
"bissau ,  guinea - bissau ,  11 nov–two african blocs have will provide a total€3 . 8 million to re - launch guinea - bissau ' s economy ,  abdou sakho of the west african economic and monetary union ( waemu )  said tuesday . "
"a reader who was moving house found some calligraphy and paintings of horses and birds in an old wooden crate while clearing up stuff belonging to his late grandfather .  as he could not understand chinese ,  he called zaobao for help . "
then our kids can go to an elite school ? 
"macau ,  china ,  25 feb–macau ' s economy recorded a real fall of 2 . 6 percent in 2009 ,  estimates the most recent report on macau published by the economist intelligence unit ( eiu )  . "
i got certified when i was 15 . 
it would not have to bring money back from offshore as the company has strong free cash flow . 
"we said ,   "" that was so great ,  we saved this little girl ' s life .  "" "
" "" this ,  ""  he said ,   "" is not a slip . "
"if i die ,  pretend i saidsomething deep and clever . "
being surrounded by the wrong people is the loneliest place in the world . 
"chapter vi :  to be core content either ,  the paper seek after the integrate design of ecological water environment at the point of architecture ecology . "
"and if we have time ,  we will often pull over and pick it up . "
"broadly ,  there are two ways to get the goodies back to earth . "
but do you try to pluck some compensation from the setback ? 
"a raffle will determine which civil servants in a small argentine town will receive their pay first ,  due toinsufficientfunds ,  its mayor announced monday . "
it provides an environment to debug and run programs and allows debugging at both the source  - level and assembler language  - level . 
"life is like a hot bath .  it feels good while you’re in it ,  but the longer you stay in ,  the more wrinkled you get . "
do you feel yourself reliving the event every time you think of it ? 
"so if i ' m successful ,  then you ' ll actually come away thinking , "
"and you can see how south korea is making a very ,  very fast advancement , "
you guys worked on it a lot . 
"digital library catalogues are often browsed at night ,  from a comfy sofa . "
"mark zuckerberg with facebook ,  paul allen and bill gates with microsoft ,  steve wozniak and steve jobs with apple aapl ─ those success stories lead some people to think that coming up with big ideas is a young person ' s game .  but the tech entrepreneurs who rose to early fame and fortune are just the outliers .  the typical entrepreneur is a middle - aged professional who learns about a market need and starts a company with his own savings . "
there ' s a lot more where this came from .  .  .  if you go to the dance with me . 
"“a cat’s normal life expectancy is more than 10 years ,  but a stray one may survive for only two or three . ”"
do girls ask the same questions as we do ? 
the researchers tested their desalination process on a computer chip the size of a postage stamp . 
"that does not prove that loggerheads smell their way to the table ,  of course .  but it makes the hypothesis plausible . "
"apple ' s first computer ,  the apple i ,  was priced at  $ 666 . 66 .  steve wozniak apparently priced it without realising that the triple - six configuration had satanic connotations ,  instead pricing it at one - third over the wholesale price of  $ 500 ,  and preferring one repeating digit over 667 because it was ""  easier to type  ""  . "
"well ,  we should have these remains sent back to the jeffersonian and parts of vehicle that may contain trace evidence . "
5 .  clean your workspace – a clean workspace can definitely improve your ability to work .  sometimes clearing the desk gives you the room and blank slate you need to ignite your imagination . 
"remember qingcheng ,  every man you ever love you will lose .  .  . "
remittances from one low  -  income country to another probably help to cut poverty . 
some renewable energy ideas are complicated — it ' d take a phd to explain the biochemical ins and outs of cellulosic ethanol . 
"that ' s not all they lie about ,  says the founder of one online dating service . "
"one of holmes '  students ,  a young man named clair patterson ,  began a project in 1948 to determine the ultimate age of the earth once and for all . "
" "" i went downstairs to get my keys ,  ""   .  .  . and they are raiding the office"
"these drones better steal the show ,  ivan . "
"and to address the most significant event of this weekend ,  i love her bangs ,  ""  said the president . "
"if you find the quality of our products unsatisfactory ,  we ' re prepared to accept return of the rejected material within a week . "
most young couples aren ' t interested in putting in the effort . 
and then we put a florescent tag on it . 
do i actually need to be here ? 
" ' sorry ,  asshole ,  you had the wrong religion . "
and he gave me a couple of them . 
"republicans will select the candidate of their choice through a majority vote at each caucus site .  democrats will divide into candidate preference groups and then determine which candidates have enough support to be viable .  caucus - goers supporting non - viable candidates can then switch to another candidate .  once one candidate has more than half the votes in each caucus ,  he or she is declared the victor and that result is sent in to the democratic party headquarters in des moines to be added to the statewide tally . "
i was eating myself in some strange sort of bizarre way . 
"before 1994 ,  the fiscal decentralization is a kind of administration decentralization ,  which leads to the power and disbursement responsibility shift to the local governments little by little . "
here ' s what i want to say . 
"resolve to live in such a way that courage ,  not fear ,  directs your life .  resolve to determine your own worth ,  not let someone else decide it for you .  resolve to stop working hard to build someone else ' s dreams . "
depending on the selected mode full screen caller will show either a photo associated with a corresponding contact or detailed information about the caller . 
your organization affects your ability to get things done in almost every area of your life . 
"if a student is proud of herself for working hard and earning an a on her final exam in economics ,  that can be a good kind of pride . "
he can ' t spin a web anytime ;  he ' s got to pull his pants down first . 
"because of the sort of particular character of the bassoon sound ,  it ' s often used to play sort of funny ,  little low - note characters in the orchestra . "
"or light from the projection ,  makes the colors look so impossible . "
k μ > 0 both at the two temperatures .  the vertical anisotropy appeared .  the experimentl results demonstrate that the magneto cryatalline anisostropy reduces with the temperature to arise whether it is 1 dp msl or 1 dqp msl . 
"you were about one year old at the time ,  i think . "
i didn ' t expect you to start acting like him . 
"for at best their victory never dawns on the shining new world they had dreamed of ,  cleansed of all human meanness . "
"does that not fit within your purview ,  marie antoinette ? "
"sue says ,  “do you want to look over  ( do you want to look and examine )  the itinerary before i purchase the tickets ? ”"
"all right ,  there ' s a man in a blue hooded sweatshirt . "
"d in the sky d d i don  ' t know if it ' s cloudy or bright d d but i only have eyes d d for you ,  dear d d the moon may be high d"
"transitoriness creates time -  - and "" time is the essence ""  . potentially at least ,  time is the supreme ,  most useful gift . "
"yes ,  he had no engagement at all for to  - morrow ;  and her invitation was accepted with alacrity . "
"follow the three rs :  respect for self ,  respect for others ,  and responsibility for all your actions . "
have you ever been to the united arab emirates ? 
" "" it ' s one of the most powerful levers in the classroom ,  ""  says anand . "
you ' ve been on that bull before ;  you know you can ride him . 
"i know we got a problem here ,  right ? "
we need cooperation between you and the computing network and the computer . 
"i want anyevidence secured ,  and i want it done right now . "
save some liquor for the rest of the guests . 
"nail - biting ,  in my view ,  isn ' t some revealing personality characteristic ,  nor a maladaptive echo of some useful evolutionary behaviour .  it is the product of the shape of our bodies ,  how hand - to - mouth behaviour is built into  ( and rewarded in )  our brains and the psychology of habit . "
his recent research finds that older learners have an advantage over the very young in certain aspects of language learning . 
"mooch ,  i need a visual on juarez . "
"because they marry assholes ,  they don ' t screw them . "
or is the applause all you can hear now ? 
it has bounced back 22 per cent since the tax on share transactions was increased last month . 
"ba jin ' s family ,  spring and autumn have been long and deeply admired in russia . "
fred :  i barely picked up my fork and you were finished . 
and what i ' d like to talk a little bit about today are some ideas
"the conference ,  which is expected to gather together 400 participants ,  will be opened by the assistant secretary of state for industry and innovation ,  ant ónio castro guerra . "
now they wear rubber fingers treated with lactic acid . 
"and then it makes natural gas ,  which then goes back into the city"
"africans suffering from malaria may be getting sub  -  standard treatment ,  a study by us  -  based experts has suggested . "
"in mozambique there are our units that produce sugar ,  specifically the mafambisse and marromeu factories ,  in sofala province ,  maragra and xinavane ,  in maputo province ,  the later operated by the tongaat - hullet group . "
the thing i let slip about donna ? 
but you don ' t know if he ' s been here ? 
"go to the bedroom of your suite , "
that will be sold to the patients who have migraine headaches . 
"from the housetop i proclaimed you hypocrites ,  pharisees ,  tricksters ,  false and empty earth  -  bubbles . "
we were just about to have dinner . 
morphological structure of the respiratory system of hydrophis cyanocinctus  ( daudin )   ( reptilia :  hydrophiidae ) 
"while time travel may give tim the unique ability to go back and help friends and family in their struggles ,  curtis also explores the limits of this gift — or ,  according to the new york times’ review ,  “the inevitability of life’s end” ,  which gives the story more emotional weight . "
"to satisfy customer and end - user needs and expectations ,  the management of an organization should understand the needs and expectations of its customers ,  including those of potential customers , "
"outsiders  ( eg ,  an italian in paris )  tend to be more successful than locals because they often make bolder choices . "
it was pathetic to watch her condition deteriorate day by day . 
"so one thing we have for that is like a grid align , "
"of what is ,  without the least regard to what the looker or  ( the critic  ) supposes or says ,  or whether he likes or dislikes . "
this is my final and most glorious victory
what would mrs .  eiffler do to me ?  [ en ] my mother had a saying :  “fools '  names and fools '  faces always appear in public places . ”
it takes children a long time to break into the system . 
"so if you want to unmask a true look of happiness , "
"and functional enough to go out and save the world , "
his violence against the union of automobile workers also grew . 
"the project will be set up in the district of nacal - a - velha and will cover an area of 838 hectares ,  which area has already been approved by the provincial government . "
it ' s my favorite day of the year . 
"this is freely available information ,  although the challenge was to compile it in a way that was interpretable , ” said moses . "
"dishes ,  said to have aphrodisiac qualities ,  are made from the testicles of animals including bull ,  wild boar ,  horse ,  shark ,  ostrich ,  kangaroo ,  donkey ,  turkey ,  goat ,  reindeer and elk . "
"but after spending so many years as a small fish in a big pond , "
"and every now and then ,  we do something like a , "
high pressure air is brought through the strut and simulates the engine air flow . 
and the rate at which the arctic sea ice is going away is a lot quicker than models . 
i ' m guessing it ' s some kind of detonator - type deal . 
"in other words ,  you ' re not interested in him ,  but you could be interested"
"what they do not realize ,  however ,  is that carbohydrates are our bodies '  main source of energy ,  and that these foods also contain components essential for the composition of substances that are needed to keep the body healthy . "
"since it ' s a freeway ,  you can get it up to ,  like ,  65 ,  but don ' t go more than 75 . "
"i am kenny chen ,  hurry up ,  something happened in my home . "
" "" by now ,  you have all become seasoned veterans of this game .  "" "
experimental study of the ginseng ( p . schin - seng nees .  )  on the anti -  decrepit effect
and the incredible thing was she really meant it . 
he left his dog in a kennels when he went on holiday . 
" ( 2 )  after the coating of cement mortar with 0 . 6 %  silane coupling a and after the connection to emulsificated asphalt and asphalt , the 28 - day flexural and tensile strengths of the spaceman increase by 20 %  and 60 %  respectively ; "
"she was 16 years old last year when i met her , "
"the denatured proteins coagulate ,  stiffening the foam and stabilizing the air bubbles . "
" "" avoid dark  -  alley groping and unladylike fumbling in the back of a cab ,  ""  the guide says on the subject of one night stands . "
"uncle ,  could you tell me .  .  .  what is this place ? "
"what matters is how likely or unlikely ,  relative to each other , "
"if it is still growing significantly by the time the construction phase rolls around ,  something is amiss . "
the impact it had and the crater it left . 
the calculation of heat balance can mainly be regarded as enthalpy minus enthalpy in chemical reaction course ?  enthalpy is a kind of state function ?  its absolute value can not be got ?  the primary mission of heat balance is calculation of specific enthalpy and enthalpy difference . 
"the people of juarez ,  who normally don ' t even come into the streets"
"well ,  it ' s good to see you guys ,  though . "
"its predecessor ,  dsm - iv ,  which was published in 1994 ,  has sold more than 1m copies .  dsm - 5 ,  which will go on sale on may 22nd ,  is likely to do at least as well . "
the current id  - based blind signatures and proxy signatures were analyzed in this paper .  it was found that these systems need to trust a private key generator  ( pkg )  unconditionally . 
biotechnological developments have led to the widespread availability of methods of identification that are more rapid and less costly than those based on conventional techniques . 
"the paper describes production background of the on - board electronic section of a certain missile and its development status at home and abroad .  it focus on the design process of the on - board electronic section and operation principle of the circuit composed by 16 bit microprocessor and fpga ,  as well as carry out integration and miniaturization research by taking the certain antitank missile and its derivative as background . "
"the study found that for every additional hour of exercise  ( like jogging or swimming )  that a black woman gets ,  she can gain 11 hours of lifespan . "
those weren ' t titsi saw jay cozying up to ? 
technology is just generally being used to allow us to create
they were boxed up in a shed on the hill during the flood . 
" "" hot ,  now show us what you got "" "
you guys would get along really well . 
"for some ,  mowing their lawn ,  pulling weeds and mulching the garden is a dreaded -  -  and sometimes neglected -  -  chore .  if you ' re someone who actually enjoys doing those things ,  you ' ll find your services are greatly appreciated .  post advertisements at local cafes ,  bookstores and other shops to start bringing in clientele . "
they quit on the one yard line  . they give up at the last minute of the game one foot from a winning touchdown . 
"master america ,  master the american style of life . "
but you have not been corrupted by her politics . 
"in defending “biosecurity” ,  governments have tended to react defensively to diseases like the h5n1 bird flu and mad - cow disease  ( or bse )  ,  disrupting not just bilateral trade but international markets as well . "
"these things are so popular ,  i can ' t get one . "
at least one non  -  key column must be present in the mining model . 
" ' what do you use it for ?  '  come over .  it does frogger .  ""  ok . "
"they are often rejected by their husband and pushed aside by the community ,  as habsa musa has experienced . "
"mrs .  hurstwood noticed the lack of colour in it .  she turned upon him ,  animal  -  like ,  able to strike an effectual second blow . "
it is very important that the extended range effect is improved farthest by being master of the dynamic delay - time of a rocket - portfire in the air . 
in 1927 chen tu  -  hsiu ' s capitulationism led to the failure of the revolution . 
i know a way to help you leave . 
it ' s the most powerful thing in the world . 
"i think that media companies are going to hire a lot more women , "
"isn ' t drinking absinthe ,  even at night ,  a bit ,  you know . "
"after doing all this ,  the team chose 16 females that had mated and then eaten their partners ,  and ten that had mated but not done so ,  and followed their reproductive success . "
and they will hide that fee in here . 
"and they said ,   "" you have two medications you didn ' t try out yet .  what do you do ? "
it is a challenge to go aboard by myself . 
you have my guarantee that i ' ll finish the job on time . 
"when he ' s lyingin the dust ,  signal to attack . "
up through the muck and mire of this breakup their love will rise once again and soon they will be asking you for another chance . 
this is my first assignment on my own . 
sometimes two reasons to do the same thing seem to compete with one another
"more than five days after voting ended for four national elections in zimbabwe ,  results for three of the contests are still outstanding .  zimbabwe ' s president ,  robert mugabe ,  will chair a meeting of his party ' s leadership friday as the country continues to await results from a tense presidential vote .  rumor and speculation continue to muddy the political waters as people wait for results ,  in particular the presidential poll . "
which is smashed banana and peanuts together in a syringe . 
he was booked on a flight to buenos aires . 
this puts overweight and obese people at a huge disadvantage when trying to maintain weight loss . 
that ' s the real problem for overseas marketers in the chinese consumer market . 
but also to bring other people to the table around it . 
"in the algicidal bacteria preservation aspect ,  algicidal bacteria and the lytic algae together preserved was easy to maintenance algicidal bacteria activity and preserve much loner . "
"yeah ,  my dad says i owe him 233 , 850 bucks . "
"“a lot of newspaper people treat it as one true religion ,  when it ' s an artefact of a certain set of economic and historical circumstances ,  ” says joshua benton of the nieman journalism lab . "
you know the thing that was so great about mark twain  -  - 
you ' re talented so i ' m here for you . 
"2 . meeting you wasfate , and falling in love with you was out of my control . "
don ' t just zip through it quickly but study it scrupulously . 
after replying to the old man ' s greeting he showed no inclination to continue in talk . 
"mo fan ,  the grandson of a chinese entrepreneur ,  is one of four squad commanders at randolph - macon academy in chicago .  he too enjoys the opportunities to lead . "
"which i ' ll be happy to send you ,  so you can really see"
"if china keeps growing fast then inevitably its economy will ,  at some point ,  become larger than that of the us – and that process will certainly change the global balance of power . "
"yeah ,  i always said these kids needed a parole officer . "
he clamped the reading lamp onto the edge of the table . 
we had a two - and - a - half - day - old baby in the house that was ours  -  - 
or did you get close to what we came up with here ? 
"for now ,  biro ' s group is starting to analyze blood samples collected from the study participants in the hopes of identifying markers in the blood that would indicate early puberty . "
"the angel and apostle of the coming revelation must be a woman ,  indeed ,  but lofty ,  pure ,  and beautiful ,  and wise ; "
"then ,  soon after ,  even more good financial news will come up on november 30  -  december 1 . "
they were deglycerolized by alternately centrifuging and mixing ;  he planted fir and pine trees alternately . 
i ' m still getting used to my legs . 
to keep their mind off the real point . 
"after battle at the red wall ,  assists liu bei to still jing nan . "
"what you are you doh not fsee ,  what you fsee is your shadow . "
"metallic objects  -  -  albeit very small ones ,  a few tons at most  -  - "
remember to eat the five basic food groups . 
i ' m too embarrassed to exhibit after what happened yesterday . 
"and as a matter of fact ,  it ' s better not to know anything , "
i iost the signai for a second there . 
"however ,  washington advises that before you go quitting your job ,  you should make sure you are financial stable because following your passion might not bring in an adequate income at first .  first ,  she says to  "" take the time to eliminate unnecessary expenses and get your financial house in order .  "" "
"the spanish family that has owned the oil - on -  wood portable altarpiece ,  the baptism of christ ,  since the mid -  19th century ,  did not know what they had . "
"he was gonna break out and engineer our escape ,  but then the mission went bad . "
just for today i will try to live through this day only and not tackle my whole life problem at once . 
series a has a female luer end that is compatible with needle free luer syringes . 
"uh ,  dan ,  this isn ' t what it looks like . "
"the differences were too great ,  particularly ,  between those countries like poland which benefits from eu grants and those countries which are the main contributors . "
"and yet ,  what behavioral economics shows time after time after time"
it cannot be reduced to a kind of simplification
i need to just get cash . 
"on behalf of the obama family – michelle ,  malia ,  sasha ,  bo and me – i want to wish everyone a very happy thanksgiving . "
who should win :  adele .  rolling in the deep is so sophisticated that it deserves to be recognized for the craftsmanship of the writing . 
in case we don ' t actually manage to get the carbon emissions
"in closing ,  i would like to take a moment to thank"
"churchill sat up ,  gloating at his critics with a discreet twinkle ,  like a cat presented with an unexpectedly large bowl of cream . "
"offer them fifty thousand dollars in savings bonds and the ceremonial title of  "" america ' s top young scientist .  "" "
"as you already know ,  my bilge pumps are fully automatic with their own water sensor . "
"you know ,  he and i were both in vietnam . "
the criminal procedure law and criminal law aid and abet the law on guarding state secrets . 
"like china’s spring festival ,  preparing a big meal and bringing the family together at home is a long - standing tradition of thanksgiving . "
"no love ,  no desire and therefore no hatred . "
" "" you should ' ve looked out for me a little bit . "
"in 30 - some years of jumping ,  i never did one . "
by way of contrast oil can be transported large distance by pipeline . 
but we were afraid that the strength of the current would prevent its landing anywhere before it became exhausted . 
all academy members take part in choosing the nominees for best picture . 
"i just interfaced with the fucking afterlife ,  man ! "
"while i ' ve never been stabbed or shot ,  i hear it stings much worse than your ego would after simply walking away from a physical confrontation . "
"so ,  there ' s this sort of silent hand of design at work"
we can see what young people care most about . 
"o lord ,  behold my affliction :  for the enemy hath magnified himself . "
"serge ,  deni .   / smash and grab .   / boog ,  you ' re with me .   / let ' s limit the casualties .   /  -  all right . "
"at the media lab right now is music ,  mind and health . "
are you a weak nerd or a strong jock ? 
"hey ,  he can ' t do regular ,  the man said . "
"very little of these trades ,  or of a lonely lodger rumoured to live up  -  stairs ,  or of a dim coach  -  trimming maker asserted to have a counting  -  house below ,  was ever heard or seen . "
a great poem is a fountain forever overflowing with the waters of wisdom and delight . 
"you are also a husband ,  and a father ! "
my son has taken up with the jones boys who live down the road . 
could their cat have been infected by mrs .  elliot ? 
"in contrast ,  gm crops boost yields ,  protecting wild habitat from the plough . "
"and then one day ,  in a fit of spring madness ,  i set out with pruner and lopper to remove a few errant branches . "
"don ' t use that tone with me ,  ally . "
i caught john on the nose with a heavy blow . 
"and ,  worse ,  not only did we see buildings that were very generic  -  - "
medical ethics forbid a doctor to have a love affair with a patient . 
are you guys ready to win my watch and a meet  &  greet with me ? 
"it ' s really important to say .  so much of the other things that we ought to do , "
you will have spent 7 of them .  .  . waiting . 
i want a moment of silence just to take this in . 
but also to promote and teach other scientists how to do this . 
and understanding that that is what we actually exist in
"now ,  it ' s more like a trumpet solo . "
"tony degange ,  the chief biologist for the usgs in alaska ,  told reuters :   ' "
"job hunter han agrees .  “people think women employees will be a burden because they will get pregnant ,  take maternity leave and will breastfeed , ” said han . "
the company ' s max lefevre says it ' s also 100 percent electric . 
"but to a first approximation ,  the size of this machine is the size  -  - "
"both ambidextrous and multilingual ,  20th president of the united states james garfield could write greek with one hand while writing latin with the other . "
"the rest are on loan from dealers and a range of private collectors ,  including miuccia prada ,  bernard arnault and steve cohen . "
it meets in alternate years in rome and geneva . 
jovan myovic watches as teri and dr .  parslow enter the bauer home . 
have you ever put your trousers in the washing machine and then remembered there was a large bank note in your back pocket ? 
"if we intend to make mastery classification based on the examinee ' s scores ,  our interest is how closely is the agreement between domain and test score mastery classification . "
british nurse who organized  ( 1854 )  and directed a unit of field nurses during the crimean war and is considered the founder of modern nursing . 
that ' s a version of a future game in the rockett series
"in past excavations ,  richly colored clay figures were unearthed from the mausoleum of qinshihuang  ( 259 - 210bc )  ,  the first emperor of a united china ,  but once they were exposed to the air they began to lose their luster and turned an oxidized grey . "
i just struck out with this guy . 
"who ' s known love only in his dreams ,  and tarried too long to savor its joy"
the uneducated farmer was sucked in by a clever crook . 
"they also are sometimes called top brass ,  or brass hats . "
returns an enumeration of the permissions in this acl entry . 
"i am a mixture of french ,  irish and yorkshire ,  and perhaps that ' s what it all is . "
"considering the true construction process of pengshui hydropower station roller compacted concrete ( rcc )  gravity dam and adopting the blunt crack band model of concrete , transient finite element is applied to simulating layer - by - layer construction process to get the temperature field and stress field from construction period to operating period . "
the committee produced its articles of confederation and perpetual union in 1776 . 
"in this case ,  gossip amounted to  "" a form of warfare that brought everyone down .  "" "
"you must find this a big change from the navy ,  mr rutland . "
then i ' il take a small glass of beer . 
"inside district one ,  however ,  we believe you ' il be pleasantly surprised . "
the college website says he accepted islam in nineteen seventy - seven while serving in the united states air force . 
maintaining discipline in areas such as punctuality means you set high standards for yourself .  your employer and co - workers will appreciate your  * accountability . 
"so if you pull the data from dbpedia about berlin , "
he was handsome and serene as an archangel
"i put together a list of 10 things that all women should remember in order to stay balanced ,  grounded and amazing as we are born to be . "
those were not the consideration that drove this rapacious beast from his den into the open ! 
"in a few minutes ,  colt and hammond will be making the walk .  .  .  through the tunnel onto center court . "
"she said after more than a decade of steady increase ,  the disease appears to have stabilized in some parts of the world and may now be declining . "
"the use of the absorbent not only eliminates pollution from mercurial ,  but also enhances color reaction velocity . "
you just go ahead and you forget about her . 
we ' il be visiting every floor where these fine doctors and nurses .  .  .  take care of us in life .  .  .  and in death . 
but what if somebody were covering their tracks by blaming conklin and bourne ? 
"a statement from the endiama marketing and communications department ,  said this was the first contract in the exploration area to be signed by the company ' s new board of directors ,  headed up by ant ónio carlos sumbulo . "
"in the new small cabinet ,  eight out the 16 ministers are women . world news from the bbc"
"the investors plan to build 400 megawatts of solar generating capacity ,  and factories to make solar panels for oman and for export . "
so this is a series i ' m hoping to have ready
"the president ' s five - year ,   $ 1 . 2 billion malaria initiative is meant to cut malaria deaths by half in 15 african countries . "
"ll :  they aren ' t mad at me anymore ,  but my mom is a basket case because my sister will be graduating soon . "
we ' ll go over to that cistern and case it by moonlight . 
"i mean ,  am i supposed to have this lying around the apartment till the benefit ? "
there ' s nothing more to be done there . 
they apprehend that every farther step forward on the road toward the socialization of enterprises will seriously impair the quantity and the quality of the products of every industry . 
"and the legal arguments could go on for years .  that stakes ,  as feldman ,  is domination of the smart phone industry now worth more than 200 billion dollars a year and still growing . "
our quotation includes insurance w . a . to be effected with the people ' s insurance company of china . 
"in 1998 america ' s congress ordered nasa to begin cataloguing the very largest ,  planet killer asteroids - defined as those more than a kilometer across . "
this can be particularly troublesome when a leader will not let their team do their duties and instead tries to take on everything themselves . 
i might ' ve thought that you ' d do something for me . 
"6 .  clifford works very hard .  others work hard ,  too .  each day they find more dinosaur bones . "
and you ' il protect me when i do ? 
" ""  -  to snatch her to her bosom ,  with a close pressure and earnest kisses -  not so much from overflowing love ,  as to assure herself that pearl was flesh and blood ,  and not utterly delusive .  "" "
"and what they said was ,  the first thing they need immediately is virtual stuntmen . "
"south africa could save  $ 2 , 500 per infection .   "" so it ' s a huge saving if they really did prevention more effectively . "
"and it was in a physical way ,  because we ' re going to do it in this room over here , "
"the contrast refutes the notion that a strong ,  perhaps totalitarian state ,  is required for successful reform . "
"much has been written about getting high - achieving ,  low - income students through the ivy - covered gates of america ' s top colleges .  and indeed ,  the focus on improving the economic diversity of college admissions is needed ;  a recent brookings study found that just 8 %  of low - income students applied to a  "" reach ""  school and just 34 %  of high - achieving students in this group attended one of the country ' s 238 most selective universities .   ( the study defined low income as being in the bottom fourth ,  income - wise ,  of families with a senior in high school .  for 2008 ,  the year studied ,  low - income meant a family income below  $ 41 ,  472 .  ) "
louise had the pre  -  wedding jitters so badly she nearly didn ' t make it to the church . 
we try and keep ourselves informed about current trends . 
is that a tiger just about to jump out and kill us ? 
would breathe and would seriously reduce the energy loads . 
does this therefore mean that strength and aerobic training is less important and so it would be better to notch up the other categories ? 
you move that up and down with a little bit of energy
"i read a book called  "" the freedom of choice ""  . "
results analysis of 1268 naevi revealed that the globular pattern predominated in the youngest age group . 
" "" li shufu has a very strategic target that can be boosted by volvo ' s green technologies .  "" "
"the programme aim ,  especially ,  to boost the responsibilities of the administrative courts and the consulting councils of the districts in order to efficiently carry out their role . "
i always knew you were the guy with the good eye . 
all workshops will be held on saturday mornings so please save the date . 
what sets the last meal on the titanic apart ? 
"nelly jackson at school has one ,  and it looks totally cool . "
"and one of the reasons ,  she thought ,  was that her mother , "
"still not really getting it here ,  paige . "
they asked him to change the cruel laws ordered by bustamante . 
the origin of this nation is wrapped in profound mystery . 
the purpose of this evaluation is to delimit the effect and application of such methods in the overall ranking of china ' s business websites . 
an oil -  splattered bp engineer ' s boiler suit has become one of the most successful halloweencostumes in the united states . 
"year old chouded leopard bred in hengyeng zoo arose serious moult in march 1999 . shortage of trace element and vitamin led to moult of the clouded leopard by comprehensive analysis and diagnosis such as checking of pars sitology ,  testing feed - nourishment and diagnosing - cure etc . "
"that we had built ,  just as the school connected it to the internet . "
"around the world ,  and now people of all ages ,  using hyperscore . "
"don ' t try to be like those folks on  "" law  & amp ;  order ""  and those other tv shows"
opening and modifying this dialog will cause controls that use that file to be deleted . 
"he started ,  as i mentioned ,  to get in the room with evil , "
"thousands of children take part in it every year ,  but only the top 20 are accepted to become professional players . "
but our company has already signed a contract with another company . 
be sure to rinse thoroughly because sanitizers discolor the meat and may cause off - flavors . 
we ' re getting ready to get really banoodles out here . 
the company insisted there would be no exemptions and made clear that it would take a dim view of suppliers who did not comply . 
"we decided not to use the anesthetic ,  the reason being we can ' t know how the subject will react . "
but the tendency for chinese visitors to linger in cafes and their lower income levels means sales volumes are much smaller than the united states and other markets where taking drinks to go is the norm . 
"here introduces friction peel method :  food is placed on the walls or emery roller drum lined up in the emery ,  wear away the food of skin surface by the amount of water after washing clean . "
democrats wasted no time in claiming that the republicans were holding 160m workers hostage to extremists . 
but the republican congressional leader wants to extend the deadline for negotiations to work out differences . 
"if you don ' t like it ,  don ' t eat it"
many experts say air power alone will not protect civilians . 
"a :  well ,  i am hoping to get an offer of a better position .  if opportunity knocks ,  i will take it . "
but the truth is no one is going to look out for you every second . 
begin your new position with a can -  do attitude and a desire to pitch in where needed .  but don ' t bite off more than you can chew . 
"no ,  here we have already in none hundred years ,  kerstmis celebrated . "
i do think that now you want to hit it hard and fast . 
"sao paulo ,  brazil ,  31 may–exports from brazil to macau totaled us $ 383 , 000 from january to april of this year ,  more than three times the us $ 121 , 000 posted in the same period of 2006 ,  according to figures from brazil ' s foreign trade ministry . "
"we do these rather kind of nerdy mathematical trips ,  which my family love . "
"britain ' s love affair with champagne is still going strong ,  although what we are seeing is that the british are saving money by drinking more at home . "
i rely on my own intuition and my logic to make ideas clear and in terms of my own feelings of what ' s important i don ' t usually write papers articles in public policy the way this one is . 
tourism in cape verde has seen strong growth in the last few years and is now one of the main driving forces behind the growth of the economy . 
"you are only an economist ,  practitioner of the dismal science . "
until they got just the right take  -  -  they uploaded it . 
"this tax comes in two forms :  property tax  ( people who own a home have to pay taxes on it )  and excise tax ,  which is charged on cars in a city . "
"tomorrow morning ,  i will ride out to the indians . "
"or with a small change ,  it could result in this person ; "
almost as a cloud that can move in space . 
i took it off a dead white man . 
try to eliminate all thoughts of what is to come .  analyze your approach on the here and now and you will be able to move forward than if you were worrying or hoping for the next big move . 
now get it together and get downstairs
"et le num é ro 2 ?  elle a un joli visage ,  et une taille manifique . "
" "" i think it is important to see this as a rather big rock that could drop in a pool in asia and could cause massive ripples all across these economies so i think china will be working very hard so its own reasons to prevent such a slump but it will also be critical for many of these other economies ,  ""  she said . "
mr .  lam says that participants in last year ' s international test races were happy with the facilities .  only the swiss dressage team pulled out because of concerns about the weather conditions . 
"you wouldn ' t want to show me around your spaceship ,  would you ? "
they just sort of leave me cold . 
"the work by daniel edwards ,  titled  "" monument to pro -  life :  the birth of sean preston ""  shows spears naked ,  pregnant ,  and sensually bent over on her knees . "
you will be expelled from thejedi order ! 
"now ,  i had tried to imagine what could possibly be in an animated tv commercial"
for an exhibition pavilion for the swiss expo 2002
and are we in the process of doing so
"professor ,  we really thank you for the extraordinary effort you made"
"in the meantime ,  the protesters are still milling about .  it ' s not clear what ' s going to happen next ,  but definitely the activists are around in the streets of manhattan and vowing to keep up their protests . "
my girlfriend blew hot and cold about going to the cinema . 
researcher ruben juanes was surprised that honolulu ' s smaller airport ranked third in its ability to spread a pandemic  . 
"she accepted her status as an old woman ,  that is to say as a beast of burden . "
"no ,  it ' s this one right here ,  mr .  howard . "
revenues will be split 50 - 50 and the two countries have agreed to delay a resolution of the long - standing border issue . 
i ' m stopped by two soldiers wielding ak - 47 assault weapons . 
"in fact ,  the history of the making of shenzhen itself deserves a veritable cinematographic presentation . "
"and down at 100 they would build civilian nuclear energy , "
"the walrus ,  with his girth and his good nature .  .  .  he obviously represents either buddha .  .  .  or with his tusks ,  the hindu elephant god ,  lord ganesha . "
there still is a little bit of a legibility problem there . 
a piece of music that is full of little black dots on the page . 
"speaking to angop ,  the spokesman for the contractor ,  wang jun ,  said that the four storey hotel was in the final stages of building ,  with just some finishing work to be done . "
"okay ,  jim ,  let ' s not let this one wriggle off the hook . "
"bulbar flowers basically is produced distributing to wait in channelcloud county ,  door a mountainous area . "
now dassault must seal the contract with india in a series of detailed negotiations over technology transfer and other conditions . 
the dna origami is a proof that that compiler actually works . 
the life of the wolf is the death of the lamb . 
"did i leave you curious ,  no and ? "
just now you can counter my ultimate skill
because you refuse to admit that you don ' t even know the things you don ' t know . 
it was during that period when working with the guys on the farm seemed like fun to me . 
"uncle wang ,  take the boy to his room . "
this media file is out  -  of  -  date .  contact the content provider for a newer version . 
this country must be raised from ruins . 
"the immunocytohistochemical staining showed that the pale - brown positive reactant could be seen in the cytoplasm and cytomembrane of grc - 1 cells transfected by pcdna3 - pf4 - ss ,  and the colour is lighter than the ones not tran"
welcome to english as a second language podcast ' s english café number 72 . 
"the east ,  abandoning its secular magnificence was descending into a valley . "
the ownership of the resolution by this majority voting bloc convinced the countries of the developed world to throw their support behind the resolution . 
"at the extreme opposite end of the size scale ,  the class of marine bacteria , "
"and i felt the fear  -  -  nevertheless ,  there was so much human courage , "
"the shares of both mortgage finance companies plunged below the critical  $ 1 level on monday ,  putting them front - and -  center on the watch list of the new york stock exchange ' s regulatory arm . "
"in truth ,  it matters hugely  -  and not just to china . "
"we reclined in the wooden amphitheatre for an awe  - inspiring  "" tour ""  of the night sky in this dark sky preserve . "
"the roses on the wallpaper had yellowed ,  and each wall held an autumnal mountain landscape . "
they had bad burn rate in the gold rush .  a very bad burn rate . 
"but i won ' t care ,  even if i get fired . "
" ' i got the idea from jim carrey ' s office scene in yes man ,  '  she says . "
"if these figures are confirmed ,  only in 2009 will portugal be able to correct the divergence begun in 2001 . "
do you like the guest sierr in the inn ? 
let ' s call it six and a half . 
zhao ai is lucky ;  his family make up in warmth what they lack in income . 
"we walked down into lambeth .  bozo limped slowly ,  with a queer crablike gait ,  half sideways ,  dragging his smashed foot behind him . "
"and those of you who haven ' t been there ,  you should go . "
"and so what he did was he tested 1 , 000 ordinary people . "
"and he also understood that that foundation was crumbling , "
"then he looked at me real hard and he said , "
"genetic algorithm simulates natural evolutionary processes ,  though retaining a population of candidate solution to search multi  -  direction . "
"hunkabee says he represents conservatives who cares about such issues as abortion ,  illegally immigration and reduced taxes . "
"she learns quickly ,  and what ' s more ,  she remembers what she has learnt . "
"i suspect the metaphysical denial is quite rare— but given the comparative religiosity of american culture and the stereotypes thereof ,  it gets a lot of air time . "
"its shares on friday lost 3 per cent after the central bank suspended tencent’s virtual credit card  ( along with that of rival alibaba )  ,  along with qr code scanning apps for mobile payments . "
you ' il have to goupstairs and talk to them . 
we send the fileto the original precinct for follow - up . 
you can deploy power in a wide range of ways . 
on new year ' s eve the whole family had asumptuousfeast of reunion。
"conclusion :  ode has immuno modulating activity and anti tumor activity in vitro through stimulating the immune system to kill or engulf tumor cells ,  which could be used clinically for immune function modulation and to treat tumor and other diseases . "
senior officials talked up china ' s importance and leverage over the united states and avoided any actions that could antagonize beijing . 
or was she just an imaginary figure ? 
"but bogdan botezatu ,  senior e - threat analyst for the anti - malware software company bitdefender ,  couldn ' t disagree more .  he talks about the issue with the barely suppressed terror of a father watching his teenage son drive solo for the first time .   "" they ' re not panicky ,  ""  he says ,   "" and actually that makes me panicky .  "" "
"this paper discussed the rhenium resources ,  application and market in the world . "
"but because of the civil war ,  which has been going on for about 20 years , "
integrated change control – reviewing all change requests ， approving changes ， and controlling changes to the deliverables and organizational process assets . 
i worried whether the barrage of shattering surprises would disorient you . 
i was ill that day . otherwise i should have read the new book . 
the company had staged a strong recovery from a point of near bankruptcy . 
i know she is joking because she has a big grin on her face . 
mr shaw said :   ' the next thing he advanced quickly towards him with something in his hand . 
you may not swear in front of women and children in the state of michigan . 
billy just managed to scrape through the larder window . 
the american navy would defend and patrol the western hemisphere . 
"like ,  i was not into him at first . "
he had not an adequate arena for the exercise of his talents . 
"if it is hepatitis  "" e ,  ""  we should see a marked decline in liver function tests within the hour . "
"mastery the company ' s procedure ,  regulation and compensation benefit policy ,  provide related information to all employee . "
her grandfather was a tyrant who insisted on absolute silence at the dinner table . 
"a federal judge ordered mr .  sebbag held as a potential flight risk and released ms .  hoxie on a  $ 50 , 000 bond wednesday . "
"shrek :  no !  you dense ,  irritating ,  miniature beast of burden !  ogres are like onions !  end of story !  bye - bye ,  see you later . "
"i have told you the circumstances ,  so you must act accordingly . "
"why ?   -  it ' s not ,  strictly speaking ,  legal"
"ok ,  no offense ,  you gotta go to the shed now . "
and now i ' m feeling the pressure i put other people into .  and it ' s hard  .  .  . 
the canvas top also seems to accentuate the z ' s curvaceous styling . 
"results among the 204 cases ,  1 case died of respiratory failure ,  other cases all had cured . "
because love consists of accepting other person as he or she is rather than regulating her or him . 
"figuratively speaking ,  if a bank has poor liquidity ,  then it is likely that they will in the intensive care ward ;  in other words insolvent . "
ching liu school’s advocation had great influence on zhang zhidong’s thinking about diplomacy . 
"the culture of office politics can alter our perceptions of faces and expressions in subtle ways .  normally ,  we recognize our own face first in a group of photographs ,  for instance .  under some circumstances ,  though ,  it is the picture of our boss that we respond to first ,  in an involuntary reaction that overrules our usual social reflexes . "
mechanical test wafer  -  a silicon wafer used for testing purposes . 
support at both national and sub  -  national level shall be included . 
i sewed tabs with my name on in all my school clothes . 
you ' re supposed to be in new york . 
johnny :  you know the pacific ocean ?  my father can swim across it . 
i think the jury ' s on our side . 
otherwise the video can be connected through the vcr first and then out to the monitor . 
"i was just saying ,  we ' re here in the hope that you will permit us .  .  .  to observe this new treatment of yours . "
not part of my soul evaporating .  .  .  but -  -  but rising .  .  .  with -  -  with joy . 
she made a guest appearance on his tv show . 
homeowner ' s or renter ' s insurance primarily covers against loss to your property due to damage or theft . 
i did not want for us to end this way again . 
seven months following the disclosures of the secret surveillance programs by formal defense contractor edward snowden . 
"you know , i don ' t have a retirement fund or a life savings . "
"but even if mr cartes ' s brand of trickle - down economics shows promise ,  many obstacles remain . "
"in january ,  a remarkable thing happened :  more cars were bought in china ,  the land of bicycles ,  than in the us ,  the land of – well – cars . "
"you the guy in the flaming car ,  sergeant james ? "
so this was the best job he could get . 
aggressively trying to reach farmers to bring them into the market . 
i altered his perception a little bit . 
and i feel that we all need them and they ' re important . 
the good news about this approach is that users are asked to commit to requirements much later than in a conventional waterfall approach . 
"on march 5th the eu offered 1 . 6 billion in short - term macroeconomic assistance ,  as well as a lot of development aid in the longer term . "
"oh ,  it ' s a hell of a thing . "
the medical harm dispute case should be divided into the medical compensate dispute caused by malpractice and other medical compensation disputes which are not caused by malpractice . 
"any of various birds resembling the magpie ,  such as the australian bell magpie of the family cracticidae . "
"in essence ,  they are a tool to help us think ,  and order our world view ,  and explain something that is hard to grasp . "
ann :  well .  there ' s a beauty contest in thailand just for fat beauties . 
"so if you ' ll allow me a brief epilogue ,  not about the past , "
"even if it gets run over by a truck the blackberry still holds its form ,  avoids cracks and doesn ’t lose a key . "
look he owns all the air south of beijing . 
"“i grew up in the country ,  and the ability to spit seeds is something that is an art ,  ” he said . “ you just have to spit seeds once in a while . "
" "" the older managers ,  the command - and - control style management ,  that was in the past ,  ""  she said .   "" organizations are looking for creativity and innovative thinking ,  and these younger employees are thirsty to be providing that .  the trick is how to have a culture to unlock that creativity .  there is a catching up that needs to be done .  catching up is a possibility ,  but we can ' t expect it to happen overnight .  "" "
"and i suspect ,  especially a lot of us in this room  -  - "
"we recognize no race ,  no colour ,  no language ,  no national boundaries to separate and divide us . "
"well ,  there were two satellites which were particularly interesting . "
"early in april ,  just before a rain begins ,  broadcast tomato seeds . "
"description :  located between xiaodao bay and laoshan bay ,  southeast of aoshanwei ,  jimo ;  daguan island 0 . square kilometers and xiaoguan island 0 . 2square kilometers ,  resided and with well - protected natural vegetation ,  rocks and cliffs ,  proposed for investment in construction of accommodation facilities in folk culture and fishing field . "
and soon she was more popular than you . 
"it was shown that , after the sintering of loosely agglomerated powder , the average grain size is smaller than that of the surface of sintered ferrite toroid , while the average grain size of the toroidal surface is much smaller than that of internal of the toroid . "
they walk up with me .  every year all the money in the bank goes to their broker . 
"i want all his phones ,  his blackberry ,  his apartment ,  his car ,  bank accounts ,  credit cards ,  travel patterns . "
is simply to demonstrate to you what my thought process was
five - minute oral presentation of an area of particular personal interest and experience . 
"in group killip class ⅰ , patients who underwent pci had lower mortality rate than those who were treated with medicine with 1 month ( 2 6 %  vs . 5 7 %  ,  p < 0 05 )  , but there was no significant differience between groups during the peiod of 2 to 12 months . "
we ' re in or we ' re out of the money
"as you can see ,  there ' s a kind of odd ,  regular pattern in the data , "
i don ' t see why i should watch it happen again with your daughter . 
"mike waldren ,  a retired chief superintendent who formerly ran london’s firearms unit ,  blames senior officers at scotland yard ,  fearful of being charged with overreacting ,  for hobbling commanders on the ground . "
"by the theorectical analysis ,  modeling ,  simulation ,  and experiments ,  a detailed study has been conducted on the coupling of the contactelss transformer ,  power transmission characteristics and the system compensation mainly with the separate transformer .  based on the results of study ,  for the first time in our country a demonstration contactless charger has been designed and developed . "
are heatwaves more common than they used to be ? 
" "" from the list below ,  select the primary language and region you want to use .  this choice determines the default settings for dates ,  times ,  currency ,  numbers ,  character sets ,  and keyboard layout . "
you the guy with the van halen tickets ? 
don ' t ask her about her sister and her nose job . 
but it became stranded in earth ' s orbit after the launch went wrong . 
tai lung has escaped .  .  .  and you ' re acting like children . 
the curtain hooks run along a slot in the curtain rail . 
there is an easy way around the deficit by using a column whose values are computed based on the geometry in question . 
i think the process of becoming successful in the world is finding the answers to those questions .  you really have to know who you are and what you ' re good at and be confident in presenting that and executing on it . 
"after a meeting with congressional leaders in the cabinet room ,  i suggested to bob dole that we work together on legislation . "
in my experience the early morning hours are the most tranquil and productive . 
the international committee of the red cross is warning gaza ' s fragile infrastructure could collapse if israel does not allow regular deliveries of humanitarian assistance in gaza . 
"second ,  formula one has failed to establish itself in america ,  despite corporate sponsors '  need for exposure in the world ' s biggest market . "
we gotta find out who ' s holding their leash . 
he ' s so cute and bully as well ? 
 ( 95 )  banks across europe are racing to amend executive pay deals by the end of the month in an attempt to adhere to new eu bonus rules and secure shareholder approval at upcoming annual meetings . 
"scene two :  man and woman go shopping together on sunday and they linger in one men’s store and another ,  looking at the glittering array of clothes and imaging the sweetness in them . "
"in this thesis , the sm _ 3 ( fe ,  m )  _  ( 29 ) n _ x / a - fe  ( m = co ,  v ,  mn )  nanocomposite permanent magnetic materials with high performance have been obtained by crystallizing over - quenched ribbons . "
the changes in physical properties of soils at different degrees of desertification were studied in the first meander of the yellow river at the alpine meadow of maqu county with the substitution of spatial sere for time sere . 
"in the production of polyurethane paint ,  pentaerythritol is em ployed in the place of alkyd resin . "
why does mr .  fung want us dead ? 
"the aims of the tourism master plan for angola were shown to portuguese non - governmental organization f órum portucalense ,  which this week in porto published the conclusions of a one - week visit to angola . "
a cocoon is a kind of silk covering made by an insect . 
"we know that race was a factor ,  and the reason why we know that"
"namely ,  that fingers are a very ,  very high - resolution input medium . "
what’s different from previous years is that increasing numbers of projects will accept young renters . 
nanotechnology can remarkably modify the hydrogen storage properties of hydrogen storage materials . 
even though the technology for this has been available
i can ' t think about that right now . 
"after computer printers and duffle bags had been carried to dorm rooms ,  everyone gathered in the gymnasium ,  students on one side of the bleachers ,  parents on the other . "
"for now ,  all continents except antarctica could be hit by satellite debris . "
"dylan was born at about 8pm ,  weighing 2 . 6kg  ( 5lb 13oz )  ,  while his sister tipped the scales at 2 . 2kg  ( 4lb 14oz )  when she arrived at 11 . 40pm . "
"so on behalf of malia ,  sasha ,  marian ,  the first lady michelle ,  plus bo and sunny ,  i want to wish everybody a merry christmas and a joyful holiday season . "
a bit in the morning is better than nothing all day . 
"we were using it at lunch today in the sunlight ,  and the more sunlight the better . "
"she was rather low all the evening ,  but emma could allow for her amiable regrets . "
we can ' t go camping while the weather is so capricious . 
why would he do such a thing ? 
so that means that the final speed of that gear on the end
"she ' s fucking in pain , can ' t you see this ? "
" "" i feel very sick when some men look me up and down when i take the subway .  i don ' t wear any improper clothes ,  and it ' s fairly rude and makes me angry ,  ""  said a shanghai resident surnamed wang . "
"well ,  let ' s first take a look at what normal science looks like . "
"with all sorts of good things ,  put it into the ark . "
"around are scattered hints of life before the americans struck :  computer cables ,  bedding ,  a tin mug and a plastic gun . "
i thought it was just gonna be the four of us . 
"he says ,  “they would never promote a person like me . ” to “promote” someone means to give them a better job ,  something with more pay and more responsibility . "
"i mean ,  the guy is literally never here . "
"doctor birung says having these up to date records of the baby ' s health condition ,  could make the difference between life and death .  but she says the app is not a substitute for a trained medical worker . "
"ab :  722 is 500  -  -  ooh ,  that ' s a harder one . "
"unfamiliar with wuhan ,  and afraid of getting lost ,  they had hired the tour guides to help them find their way around the city ,  her parents said .  the 19 boxes of luggage contained everything their daughter deemed necessary ,  including her many clothes ,  a recorder ,  toys ,  bedding etc .   "" we ' ve brought all things she uses at home .  she won ' t use the bedding prepared by school .  "" "
the chordae tendineae that hold the leaflets become long and thin . 
i ' ve got a desk i want moved .  .  . 
"check all tracheal joints ,  whether all whether there is any break loose introduces .  when necessary to tighten or replacement . "
my father always fumed about  [ at ]  the slowness of the buses . 
the bubbles then stick together and form rafts on which the snails spend the rest of their lives . 
"but it says cases of resistance to treatment are already being reported in several countries .  these include australia ,  france ,  japan ,  norway ,  sweden and britain . "
and might never interact in a positive affirmative way
we don ' t have the book in stock but we can order it . 
"in images released to hawaii news now ,  puentes is seen clinging onto a wing of the aircraft .  another image shows other passengers holding on to plane debris to stay afloat . "
we can come up with a system that could
"china ' s government was long neglectful of its image overseas ,  but in recent years it has invested billions of dollars to promote its viewpoints and polish its reputation . "
and that means that the artistic director now has
"he said that per capita gdp increased from 2004 to 2005 ,  but that this had no corresponding progress in terms of social development ,  as poverty levels remained very high ,  with 68 percent of the population living below the poverty line . "
"sun storms are affecting earth ,  culminating in tsunamis ,  earthquakes and volcanoes . "
"as for better mental acuity—well ,  you get the idea :  your brain depends on thevitalityof your heart ,  lungs ,  liver ,  kidneys  ( you name the organ )  to be in tip - top shape . "
"when you encounter a wall ,  find a way to get over it ,  around it ,  or under it . "
be meticulous .  keep a planner / organiser handy and note down the issues  /  risks being discussed in meetings . 
i believe that god wants everybody to be free . 
we are looking at the emergence of a car 2 . 0  -  - 
"meanwhile ,  francis was told by the hospital that they made a wrong report of his sterility . "
to come up with a different definition of the word bollocks . 
"by world war two ,  soldiers were called other names . "
venerable pahalagama somaratana was sentenced to seven years in prison .  he was cleared of charges of rape in another case . 
"tiny heat  -  seeking sensors have acquired the target ,  and the projectile alters course . "
"in todays environment of quick turnaround and fast releases ,  application testing frequently takes a back seat . "
"you had better put on your raincoat ,  for it is raining . "
and so began to have multiple pens on the page  -  - 
"you can make him bipolar ,  or as someone said ,  a  -  - "
"and i don ' t always get to watch all of my students reach their step three , "
this is because the light we see from the sun is white . 
fluoride is one of the ingredients of glister multi  -  action fluoride toothpaste . 
"on the basis of the transform relation between railway track irregularity on the central line and railway track irregularity on the left / right rail derived from the power spectrum density in space domain , this paper puts forward a new method of equivalency transform for power spectrum density of railway track irregularity on central line from on left / right rail by means of the spectral estimation of cycle graphs and the algorithm of nonlinear least squares . "
they ' ve returned their rental car and are now saying good  -  bye to mrs .  van helsing . 
the results of hai test were negative when assayed with anti sera of flu a  ( h1n2 and h3n2 )  and flub viruses . 
"i want you to know ,  back at the zoo ,  it was never the doctors or prescriptions that kept me going . "
"remarks 5 :  all of the information above is for reference only ,  no warranty of accuracy is guaranteed . "
and new york has another kind of knack for contemporary art . 
"but a couple of years later ,  i helped bill gates do the same thing . "
the problem should have been ironed out months ago . 
a part of my talk is going to be about investment opportunities
"newbie actor ko cheng - tung plays ko ching - teng ,  a teenage boy whose life revolves around hanging out with school buddies boner ,  cock ,  groin and a - ho–the bad boys of ching - cheng high in changhua ,  central - west taiwan . "
i knew you were looking for your original . 
and you should be really glad we decided not to bring the camel . 
in such a way that not being able to run a marathon
"and what you can do is go onto the site ,  create a profile , "
"“today there is no ( iron ore )  stock availability in any part of the world ,  not just due to chinese demand but also because of firms ' inabilities to invest more in production ”to respond to this demand ,  said the ibram chief . "
"levi jurkowicz ,  25 ,  from new york ,  was at the service .  rabbi holtzberg was his friend . "
in no circumstance is it allowed to deduct or delay the payment . 
"at work ,  offer to transfer a caller who needs help from another department . "
that can show us that mom has become risk at falls ? 
"for example ,  apple rejects programs that would let you make phone calls over the internet ,  thereby avoiding using up cellular airtime . "
there ' s not much prospect of mr smith ' s being elected as congressman . 
this was its average temperature over those three months from 1951 - 80 . 
really took us all the way across the length and breadth of india . 
that ' s how we do it in cincinnati . 
" "" we continue to see intimidation everywhere ,  everywhere ,  ""  said galabru .   "" like they say :  we need your id to be able to .  .  . i don ' t know what to do ,  so people are scared .  why they want my id ?  sometimes they come  [ and say ]  :  if you join us you will have a good future .  if you don ' t :  be careful  -  look at the land - grabbing etc .  "" "
any black area that is surrounded by white can be picked up . 
"he pictured himself lying sick unto death and his aunt bending over him beseeching one little forgiving word ,  but he would turn his face to the wall ,  and die with that word unsaid . "
the president is paying a private visit to europe . 
"maybe ,  because honestly ,  knocking off after eight hours probably won ' t earn me the corner office or thelucrativepromotion . "
" "" i spent a great deal of my childhood on a ranch in texas .  my first entrepreneurial pursuit was harvesting and selling buckets of pecans .   $ 1 per bucket .  what a deal !  "" "
"whether roughing or finishing ,  the machinist must set the machine for the given job . "
"there are some 11000 motion picture theaters and about 4 , 000 outdoor "" drive - ins ""  where patrons sit in their own automobiles and watch domestic and foreign films . "
"naval commanders would deliberate on these issues as well ""  during the conference . "
surely you could not expect one of don roberto ' s education to do such vile things . 
and i will do all the other parts myself . 
"the angolan minister said the credit line would be used to support initiatives by entrepreneurs from both countries ,  guinea - bissauans or angolans in partnership with guinea - bissauans ,  who want to invest in guinea - bissau . "
"i will take no more of your time ,  but will hand back to the chairman to take us forward . "
and i ' m gonna die in here with some asshole . 
the philosophers kumarila and sankara were also strongly opposed to buddhism . 
"how else to explain those wacky ,  way  -  out  -  in  -  left  -  field roadside attractions you’ll stumble upon ? "
"and he worked this with three - point perspective ,  which was brand - new technology at the time . "
i have to ask you a question . 
so it knows how to combine little bits and pieces of trajectories
"we intervened in libya alongside a broad coalition ,  and with the mandate of the united nations security council ,  because we had the ability to stop the slaughter of innocents ,  and because we believed that the aspirations of the people were more powerful than a tyrant . "
want to row across the lake with me ? 
what the fuck do you two scumbags want ? 
and you don ' t feel pulled towards all of them . 
"and on the back it says ,   "" to judy ,  the girl with the bill bailey voice . "
"the exceptions were portugal ( a negligible increase in trade )  ,  mozambique ( down 8 percent )  east timor ( down 50 . 9 percent )  . "
were you bottle  -  fed or breast  -  fed as a child ? 
"and willie brown said ,   "" as sure as i ' m the mayor of san francisco , "
"we left it all on the track ,  didn ' t we ? "
"and then i managed a restaurant ,  and then i slipped on things . "
"to connect with each other on a heart - to - heart ,  or a mind - to - mind ,  level . "
do any of y ' all have a signal ? 
"i mean ,  you can declare him dead . "
i doubt the queen will continue to allow me to serve in the senate . 
"after the sample of silver alloy is dissolved in dilute hno 3 solution , agcl is then put into the so lution , thus formed for separation of silver from it by precipitation . "
"access to the presidential suite was politely turned down by hotel staff yesterday ,  but a peek from rooms on the 18th floor gives a beautiful panorama over the east section of chang ' an avenue ,  as well as beijing ' s embassy area . "
"no man is more important than your friends .  if he doesn ' t like them and refuses to hang out with them ,  leave immediately . "
a little homage to my life as an athlete . 
1 . an imp ;  a goblin ;  a mischievous child 2 . a little devil
the mexican army says it ' s rescued three children who were being held by a criminal gang . 
 ( 11 )  the surprise announcement last week that chinese novelist mo yan had won this year ' s nobel prize in literature has focused unprecedented global attention on chinese literature . 
"this unusual offset arises because a good deal of energy is consumed to extract and process fossil fuels ,  and more is wasted in burning them and controlling their emissions . "
he lost control of his car and ran it into a lamppost . 
"a letter came through from the dalai lama saying , "
nato’s european members were highlydependent on american military help to keep going . 
on the cover of elle magazine’s may 2013 “women in music” issue ! 
this contaminated milk powder has already distributed in nine and cities across taiwan . 
do you trust me when i say everything will be fine ? 
"i ' ve been played like a grand piano by the master ,  gekko the great . "
if i say first you believe it ? 
they also found biomarkers specific to the cell wall of the bacterium in the lungs and bones . 
"eventually brought it down and it was ,  of course ,  called the  "" coup de text .  "" "
"after you create the component and show it on the screen ,  you kick off a secondary thread to perform the task whose progress needs measuring . "
" "" if we got state and federal support ,  ""  she says ,   "" we would team up with others in a heartbeat and grow an industry . "
"it was a more profound and durable experience ,  a moment encompassing both tragedy andeuphoria ,  a child lost and a child found . "
"society is more tolerant ,  usually because of places like this , "
"if i let go of my hair ,  my head will fall off . "
"we learned of marshall kay ' s geosynclinal cycle ,  which is a bunch of crap . "
"at least some of what i ' m about to say , "
"we are hoping ,  will be this weekend ele vai me levar lake tahoe . "
"what ,  am i supposed to believe that you ' ve had some epiphany ? "
"if they wanna take home the gold ,  they gotta do something spectacular . "
"i guess it ' s all about priorities ,  isn ' t it ? "
that it would force us all to think of ways to do things differently . 
"linking my sons to the grandfather whose face they never had a chance to see , "
air rights have value in many cities and can be sold . 
and these traits are often unrelated and uncorrelated with iq . 
"you partner ' s killed you ,  as i done for him . "
"i have a batch of glassware to be shipped in the fourth quarter ,  but i don’t know what risks should be covered .  i would like to know some details and your advice of course will be highly appreciated . "
"chimoio ,  mozambique ,  19 april–mozambican companies are faking the“made in mozambique ”seal in order to more easily sell their products in and outside the country ,  a source from the mozambican ministry for industry and trade said saturday in chimoio . "
"and yet ,  that jet happened in precisely such a way that billions of years later , "
"i ' d already written them a letter before going on this trip ,  which  -  - "
"so it ' s a symbol of his identity ,  and it ' s a symbol of his income . "
"through molding the characters , the series advocates nobleness , freedom , peace and love . "
well you just worry about your numbers then . 
"suddenly you mean business ,  and you want your time to count ,  which is why it will ! "
betty has set her cap at jack for many years before she finally got him to pop the question . 
"c .  do not use computer in matter irrelevant to working ,  turn off its power when off duty ,  periodically clean it to keep clean ,  neat ,  dustless . "
"but also not everyone wants to live in a city ,  certainly not a city like new york . "
"then the sound of rumbling thunder reached the watchers on the shore ,  as cargo ,  ballast ,  ammunition and 400 people went sliding and"
"in order to change ,  you have to be heldaccountable . "
"the former bricklayer said the couple used to joke that if they ever got married ,  they would have a fairytale wedding . "
"and those are also diseases that require chronic ,  long - term medication . "
"see whether you suffer from cutting it out ,  or whether you like the extra time . "
those cute boys breezed through the examination with no trouble at all ! 
the cpc is working on land reforms and political consultation . 
pregnant women can ' t stand the smell of certain foods and want to barf all the time . 
justifying the premium that you paid to protect your no  -  claims bonus . 
"but ceo schultz said income levels had not been a barrier to growth ,  adding that starbucks '  shops in non - core markets perform  "" as well or better ""  than stores in cities like beijing and shanghai ,  helped by pent - up demand . "
"mr su ,  from redmond ,  washington ,  endured temperatures of  - 20 degrees celsius in a bid to get the delightful shots but admitted sightings of polar bear cubs was never guaranteed . "
"the funeral ceremony of the han nationality mainly included burial and cremation , which showed a particular custom and rite . "
i ' d like you to meet my husband . 
"each year ,  i publish about 110 different constructors . "
is the loss of sea ice due to global warming . 
hinders boteler to become the alliance apex player ' s biggest barrier is his body . 
he has found a rare rock  -  hewn cross marking out the route . 
"if you manage to build a couple trading posts and your opponents each build only one ,  the effects will mount up :  you ' ll get more shipments and your home city will advance faster . "
we ' re definitely standing at the crossroad now . 
swans now havestatutoryprotection under the wildlife and countryside act 1981 . 
told you i ' d been keeping tabs on you . 
right out of the blue just when she feeling so happy . 
may i make an appointment for sometime early this afternoon ?  . 
"they would rub and polish the apple to give a bright shine ,  to make it look tastier . "
"every year ,  we like to take a little time for the coaches to come up here to tell us a little about their team . "
"so next tuesday ,  same time ,  same place ? "
"judgment also will i lay to the line ,  and righteousness to the plummet :  and the hail shall sweep away the refuge of lies ,  and the waters shall overflow the hiding place . "
so that the police can talk to her privately . 
you ' re scaring the shit out of these people . 
"so all this concentrator does is take that room air in ,  filter it"
ks :  so i ' m sure all you engineers know that even though aluminum is
we all know the feeling :  you receive the kind of gift that you wouldn’t choose for yourself in a million years .  but you have to grin and bear it pretending that you love your new present . 
"to view the addm findings in a report ,  click view report . "
"warm up the emotion ,  acuity feeling ,  brighten the mood . "
this data access request will not be processed unless accompanied by the initial processing fee . 
she has fall asleep with an open book in her lap . 
did you see the paragraph about the stock market ? 
the news network broadcast used to be considered the most authoritative news source in the country . 
"i said ,   "" her boobs look engorged .   "" was steve excited ? "
"so ,  we moved from an industrial economy to a service - based economy . "
"the study said the key contributing factors to the phenomenon included the nation ' s family - planning policy ,  which restricts the number of children citizens may have ,  as well as an insufficient social security system . "
"if thalidomide were invented today ,  it would never be released for human use because new tests on pregnant animals would reveal the dangers . "
"exciting magnetism ,  multi - band ,  band - pass amplifier ,  phase - sensitive detector ,  the part of integral and feedback and compensation of temperature and so on comprise the design of circuit . "
why don ' t we just press redial and see ? 
when was the last time you saw him ? 
how many times did you cheat on me ? 
"praia ,  cape verde ,  26 jan–scottish real estate agency fm has mandated consultancy abacus savills to seek out investment opportunities in the cape verde residential and tourist sector ,  and is already negotiating the acquisition of three developments on boavista island ,  abacus savills said thursday . "
of whatever it is that is spreading through the network . 
chinese ambassador to the united states cui tiankai says
"i don ' t knowwho would want a watch , "
"so ,  let ' s just think about ,  we got a problem here , "
"dc miller .  what about that ?  ""  and he would say ,   "" aw ,  that ' ll go away .  "" "
"if we ' re being strict about it ,  wherever he went ,  he was four that year . "
"gmi ' s evaluation penalizes companies for unusual or excessive executive compensation ,  high levels of management turnover ,  substantial insider trading relative to their corporate peers ,  or high levels of short - term executive compensation ,  which encourages management to focus on short - term results .  good housekeeping practices leave companies better prepared to handle financial turmoil ,  which is crucial during tough economic times .  the absence of negative events counts as much as the existence of positive events . "
i hope you ' ll also agree to the discharge of yao chin - feng and the promotion of hsueh pao - chu .  later on we can countermand these orders ;  then it ' ll be regarded by the women as a concession to them and be the means of clearing up the trouble . 
"the computational results show that the equilibrium pressure of alh - 3 is higher than that of nih ,  but it is rather low still .  for the alh _ 3 molecule we have the results :  d - e = 9 . 3705ev , δg0 =  - 163 . 373kj at 298 . 15k ,  so the alh - 3 molecule is more stable thermodynamically . "
"you ' re four bins under this hour ,  and three last hour . "
hejust goes away for a couple of hours . 
boko haram wants islamic law or sharia to be established more widely across africa ' s most populous nation . 
"rice of in ,  you do not understand me at all . "
"and what we ' re looking at is the presence of the gas methane , "
"marina ,  i never noticed you because you never existed . "
"if you don ' t have any money of your own , "
"pull on your best pair of warm socks ,  wiggle your toes and enjoy a cozy kind of bliss . "
"after an 18 - hour siege ,  the police stormed the house and captured the gunman . "
"the letter was released via the advocacy group human rights in china ,  whose website is blocked in china . "
this was a huge  -  -  as you would expect  -  -  a huge capital build out . 
a gold packet of king size a regal insignia . 
"well ,  i see the procedure ' s not changed your personality . "
"that ' s because speaking positively about others stimulates bonding instincts ,  which revs up the brain ' s production of powerful ,  mood - elevatingantidepressanthormones . "
the storm hammered like a battering ram on the walls of the lighthouse . 
i said on the count of three . 
"you can go first ,  because you ' re the birthday girl . "
"australia’s iluka resources has made an offer of us $ 780 million to buy irish company kenmare resources ,  whose main asset is the moma heavy sands mine in nampula ,  mozambique ,  the australian company said recently . "
" "" knowing what kind of person he is on the first date leads you to final victory ,  ""  she says . ”"
"for more than a few minutes ,  you ' d be leaving the room in droves . "
"last month ,  judges in britain ruled that apple should publish a message making it clear that samsung hadn ' t copied its ipad designs ,  but samsung complained that the statement apple had posted was inaccurate . "
stop looking for the reasons you can ' t do something and find the reasons you can . 
"the variations of migratory speed on the zones of albumin ,  pre - albumin ,  the proteins in β1 and β2 regions among the species were found .  there were 2 polymorphic types in the β1 region of a .  αgrarius and r . "
"all right ,  we gotta take the lead so no one else gets involved . "
it ' s exactly the same as in the script . 
"julliard concedes that sanctions against offending regimes ,  for example in zimbabwe and uzbekistan ,  often do not produce desired improvements . "
"head of the army and the head of the police , "
the fourier law is modified when applied to the instantaneous heat conduction . 
"but it also means that when beautiful ,  amazing things"
"for god ' s sake ,  now i ' m a suspect ? "
"something that you could program to fly on its own , "
astronomers say the extremely large telescope will provide insight into distant planets and the formation of galaxies  . 
yang acquired his love for tibet after watching a documentary about the holy place . 
crime went up at 8 : 30 .  i have read a reuters dispatch  -  - 
this shirt is great for anyone who wants to make a fashion statement . 
"and the problem ,  of course ,  is that this comparison you made in the store"
the second - largest fish in the sea  -  -  bony fish . 
"the journalist immediately set out to obtain these important facts ,  but the took a long time to send them meanwhile ,  the editor was getting impatient ,  for the magazine would soon go to press . "
"the word  "" mistake ,  ""  sir ,  is not one that appears in my dictionary . "
"japan ' s current tiffs with its neighbours ,  china and south korea ,  are rooted in the march to war and its undigested aftermath ,  more than 75 years ago . "
"you got to get out now ,  because we have to go to work . "
adding that he expects to re - enter the market if and when the backlash against the dish falters . 
nominations for the nobel peace prize are not open to the public . 
"then i didn ' t catch you doing baziga to her passport photo when you were ,  what ,  13 ? "
"then  "" lost in a maze ,  ""  exactly like cliff . "
the tin of ban have a calorific value of250 calories or have250 calories . 
but what politicians need is a range of options . 
"it will be hard to overcome decades of mistrust ,  but we will proceed with courage ,  rectitude and resolve . "
keeping them behind bars does little more than take up scare prison space and incur significant health care costs as they grow older . 
the geopolitical world has got a lot to learn from the digital world . 
and i was one of the first people they probably had ever seen . 
is there any evidence that altitude actually affects the results of football matches ? 
"scuba divers can have this same dangerous confusion in murky water ,  and avalanche victims–buried in snow–may not know which way to start digging . "
"but when it moved into the northern provinces ,  it had to invest heavily in print ads ,  events and in - store displays to reach its new customer base . "
"for example ,  according to msci data ,  from dec .  31 ,  1999 ,  through dec .  31 ,  2013 ,  this strategy would have produced investment gains of about 70 %  ,  compared with less than 50 %  for u . s .  stocks alone . "
"consider this a two - minute drill .  read the questions ,  jot an answer — then decide what your next steps will be . "
"but matt leblanc ' s spinoff comedy joey ,  where he reprised the character he played on friends ,  was cancelled after just two seasons . "
the scholar ' s words seem to be profound
"the etiological factor of rsa involves hereditary ,  anatomy ,  embryo deformity and infection ,  et al .  but there are 40 - 60 %  patients whose etiological factor can’t be explained ,  named unexplained rsa  ( ursa )  . "
" "" taiwan is promoting unisex toilets and there is an alarm in each cubicle to avoid sexual harassment .  i think that is a good idea ,  ""  li said . "
"far from slipping money quietly under doors ,  they are forever inviting themselves in to nose around . "
"the iphone 5 will ship to eager apple fans on friday ,  september 21 ,  according to sources close to apple . "
i regret to tell you that i won ' t be able to attend the ceremony . 
"using scanners ,  they monitored the brain activity of volunteers as they read works by william shakespeare ,  william wordsworth ,  t . s eliot and others . "
even pub staff have admitted to using beautiful girls to dupe their male customers . 
of course i ' ve read the koran . 
" "" my name is david fisk ,  detective first grade . "
more than half the world ' s population is involved in building this device
"crew aboard the star reported seeing a flash ,  followed by an explosion . "
"the differences between the two groups were not notable in the operating time , the time taken from incising skin to fetus deli very ,  the amount of the blood lost ,  the weight of the pregnant woman and newborn ,  and the rate of exoperitoneocesarotomy ( p > 0 .  05 )  , however the shape of the fatty lower abdomen was improved obviously . "
"and we who are about to die ,  salute you ! "
"when shylock heard this ,  he cried ,   @ i am as good as dead .  my money is as dear to me as my life . "
jesus .  i grew up with a crack house across the street . 
he said that you are the biggest mistake he ever made . 
"with no progress in washington to avoid looming spending cuts ,  federal reserve chairman ben bernanke warned lawmakers that inaction would sharply slow u . s .  economic growth . "
this was more than twice the number of cases for the same period of last year . 
"if gio clears her ,  he ' il make sure she gets a shot . "
so look to the right - hand side of the screen . 
"seeing the people ' s plight ,  he knelt down and prayed . "
it was very hard to calculate from first principles .  i was stumped . 
poriatin can bind to renal cytopiasmic aldosterone receptors in vitro and have an anti - aldosterone activity and enhances urinary na +  / k +  ratio with dose -  dependence in rats . 
"it is thus not easy ,  what i ' m about to say .  .  .  but the truth is that the mp of rio needs to be abolished . "
conclusion : mri manifestations have certain significance in the diagnosis and staging of abdominal lymphoma and are helpful to differentiate it from abdominal lymphnode tuberculosis and metastasis . 
i can ' t decide whether to try to borrow money and pay higher interest than we can afford or else sell out and probably lose half of our investment . 
"the first concerns how not be blown up when in kabul ,  and comes courtesy of an american tv journalist who was on the course with us . "
"inouye ,  a decorated world war ii veteran ,  had been hospitalized in washington since december 6 ,  when he fainted in his office at the u . s .  capitol .   his death on monday was attributed to respiratory complications . "
these results suggest that it is probable to breed a strain or a breed with the alternate molt character for improving the egg producing ability of jinding duck further . 
"by the time i returned with a bowl of popcorn ,  my son had ciphering . "
the pandemic is going to last for 18 to 24 months . 
"she picked a hair off my shoulder and says ,   ' if you have an extra mating dance ,  at least pick a female with the same colour pelt .  ' "
it ' s got nothing to do with food . 
"kenny ,  i don ' t know what to tell you , "
"i want you to help me create a fully 3d ,  dynamic ,  parameterized contact model . "
" "" tell me why i ' d give a shit about your wife ' s cousin ?  "" "
"the country was big in 1815 by european standards ,  and it get even bigger . "
i have my sword and some people . 
"the intriguing smile of the mona lisa was the result of very high levels of cholesterol ,  according to a medical expert who has studied famous figures in renaissance art . "
and i ' m going to read you something from my book as quickly as i can . 
"the quality synthetic evaluation can reasonably describe the road intersection actual service level ,  reduces the single item appraisal one - sidedness . "
"see ,  you ' re an only child ,  aren ' t you ? "
"yeah ,  are there great things up there  -  -  what am i going to do ,  get up there ? "
"figueiredo said he was optimistic about the future of business in angola where the company is involved in building highways ,  bridges and road infrastructures ,  a well as housing . "
so what we ' ve been working on for the last year and a half is a new website  -  - 
"the truth ,  though ,  is that i did have an idea in the back of my head . "
"this was done in japan and in the u . s .  ,  published at the same time , "
i can ' t believe you actually said something . 
"having been insulated outside , the copper wire may be used as an ordinary electric wire . "
silicon valley companies are being enlisted into the war on terrorism . 
"ladies ,  i need you to finish my clothes you ' re making for me , "
" "" as far as i am concerned ,   "" i said ,  ""  we can call out another name ,  or try somewhere else if you like  .  "" "
"because once you give people the freedom to do whatever they want ,  as the lord found in the garden of eden ,  they will do exactly that . "
and small groups are more prone to accidents and bad luck . 
michael :  you are half right .  i am going ballroom dancing ! 
"if dirk just got killed ,  then lars couldn ' t be the killer ! "
the man is telling us to go . 
" "" we take dubai ,  the travel tramp ,  call it even ,  move on ,  never mention it again .  "" "
"president omar al - bashir is leading sudan ' s delegation to the first turkey - africa cooperation summit ,  which will feature delegations from 50 african nations ,  including seven heads of state . "
the texture and the  -  -  let ' s call it the decoration  -  - 
"who has invested an enormous amount of time and expertise , "
"so if you buy it ,  you can ' t break it up . "
i assure the injured jury that a sure insurance is ensured . 
"when you ' ve started work ,  you ' il get a ration book . "
i will have to notify our attorneys . 
your humble servant would also like to make a request
we can never know what the true effect size of these medicines is . 
a nice young couple like you have just checked out of it . 
"an influential member of the u . s .  congress ,  senator joseph biden ,  is proposing a massive increase in non - military financial aid to pakistan .  senator biden made the proposal during a news conference in islamabad . "
"don ' t worry buddy .  although that was the tenth girl who has rejected you tonight but every dog has his day ,  keep on going ! "
i see an aggressive streak in you
"guys don ' t talk to guys ,  about guy problems . "
"lantern festival enjoys flower light exactly an opportunity to make friends ,  single men and women ' s borrowing to enjoy flower a light also can be oneself conveniently thing color object . "
there are also many hurricanes that go through the keys . 
"there ' s ,  like ,  nine of them around me . "
"of those four ,  three wrote books about what happened . "
"researchers hope that microboone will lead to the development of much larger detectors ,  containing hundreds of thousands of tons of liquid argon in tanks as big as sports arenas . "
an adviser to a minister in the chinese security ministry is reported to have been arrested on suspicion of spying for the united states . 
"they ' il be coming for laddie and me ,  won ' t they ? "
"when my time is over ,  i mop up my face and reassemble my hair into a ponytail . "
i want to see if someone ' s here . 
"you know where hudson ' s bluff is ,  overlooking the point ? "
"6 .  when in conversation ,  try to talk only about good or positive things . "
this unification model predicts the existence of these two
"with a new texan master of the white house ,  there was no hotter ticket in town than one for the lone star state’s black tie and boots extravaganza . "
"changing the rake ,  taking it back to flat floor , "
"in the direct implementation ,  the formulation of the time - scaling and time - varying signal takes much computational load and its formulation accuracy affects the aaf performance . "
"losing your creativity can come quick for us in the digital world .  it ' s a fast changing area of work and every day there are new trends ,  projects being launched ,  coding languages to learn ,  upgrades ,  and so on ,  so it ' d be easy to lose track of it all and fall behind the rest of the pack . "
"this one ' s  -  -  you know ,  you can see how ugly it is . "
it really shouldn ' t be all that difficult . 
"they stay to that crop exclusively ,  in order to help generate . "
"not quite as brilliant as the one who had preceded him , "
and its been like that ever since . 
the center has the fire prevention command car of adequate measure . 
"i said that to bill moyers ,  and he said ,   "" oh ,  we take anybody .  "" "
"you wouldn ' t need leon if angie was treating you right ,  you know that ! "
"this study is registered as an international standard randomised controlled trial ,  number isrctn 38354748 . "
he sacrificed himself to make the world . 
"that the people who ' ve been truly capitalizing on this age of behavior , "
i shall want quite a lot of money . 
"so if you want it to be better ,  then you ' ve got to show up and do your part of the deal . "
"a few yards away ,  several brazilian players lay on the turf ,  bewildered and beaten . "
now is the judgment of this world :  now shall the prince of this world be cast out . 
"how to ,  as developers ,  carry forward and develop the advantage over technology on the web and how to ,  as new and potential mis users and web developers ,  develop safe ,  reliable and open distributed application system on the newly - developed three - tier structure ,  are the two tasks both the domestic database users and those engaged in it are seriously faced with ,  this paper intend to try and dabble at both two tasks mentioned above . "
please don ' t go around blow people ' s wife
"they tell me you are happy in love and that is everything ,  isn ' t it ? "
it tries to begin a little more down . 
those rated as attractive were equally likely to have a son or daughter as their first child ¨c but the unattractive sorts were more likely to have a son . 
"the rhetoric function ofimitation ,  transformation ,  communication between reality and illusion ,  as shown in art language creating will make the infant literary full of babyish ,  pueri 1 ity and fantastic - beauty ,  etc . "
you can park your bicycle under the awning in the back lot . 
going up by one percent if one stays indoors
"now detectives have begun a search for the grave ,  or any other place where ryan ' s body might be lying . "
"kate ' s always been a very affectionate kid ,  very huggy ,  got a lot of valentines in grade school .  .  . "
"a british public that can do algebraic equations ,  draw an amoeba and recite on westminster bridge is illiterate when it comes to economics . "
and began to build the mathematical models of that . 
i don ' t meet a lot of good guys these days . 
they were tearing down that old building in order to build a new apartment house there . 
with a lack of focus on what is most important in your life it becomes easy to spend too much time and energy on aimless actions or work on things that aren ' t really that important but you do out of old habit or other unhelpful reasons . 
"so ,  it is a symbol of the american revolution . "
"go now and we ' il talk later ,  ok ? "
the capital has been hit by a 9 . 4
"because i used to run for my tennis titles ,  etc . "
"the italian prime minister silvio berlusconi on saturday signed a  "" friendship pact ""  with libyan leader moammar gadhafi in libya .  under the pact ,  italy agreed to compensate libya for abuses it committed during its colonial rule of the north african country . "
this doesn ' t have anything to do with your competitiveness with harry ? 
"methods : the experiment was conducted in the center for experimental animals in xijing hospital from september to november 2003 . rabbit rear limbs were wounded by paper shell detonator and subsequently marinated in seawater for 30 minutes and 1 hour respectively , whereafter , the morphological changes of the samples were observed with naked eyes and under light microscope 2 , 6 , and 12 hours respectively after being marinated .  then , the morphological changes of seawater marinated samples were compared with those of freshwater marinated and single firearm wounded ones . "
"earl ,  get some guns in that goddamn tower ! "
"this is a steel drum here that has been modified , "
"a man who does not know where he is going ,  usually gets there in the end . "
"yes ,  i was intimately involved with gavin nichols . "
"by carrying out tests on 645 first grade students with the same standard as well as investigations and interviews on 40 pe teachers in 20 middle schools in cities and villages in hunan province ,  the authors revealed the following findings :  the level of city group is obviously higher than that of village group ( p < 0 . 01 )  , indicating that obvious discrepancy exists in the implementation of new curriculum standard of physical education and health by cities and villages ; "
" "" never ,  never ,  never come to me like that "" "
the monsieur at the agency said that would do it
our concern should extend to non  -  party cadres as well as to party cadres . 
"any contact with the fourth son ,  james ? "
"that ' s going to require some honest conversations ,  like the one that will take place next week at the oas general assembly on drug policy . "
"in the oecd area as a whole ,  output is forecast to contract by 4 . 3 per cent this year and 0 . 1 per cent in 2010 ,  with unemployment rising to 9 . 9 per cent of the labour force next year . "
"“when i began to write some love messages on my sina weibo ,  i got a lot of feedback .  some asked me to put them together in a collection .  but soon i found that i wanted to write a novel ,  using the fragments from my weibo , ” tsai said during his book signing in shenzhen on dec 22 . "
he was deputed to put our views to the committee . 
but shall we say a prayer together first ? 
"is a bunch of double helices that are parallel to each other , "
"if you think about what you really remember from that meeting way back when ,  it’s more often than not a story or anecdote rather than a chart or graph . "
"in the northern south china sea ,  the meso - scale eddies are mainly induced by the intrusion of kuroshio and wind stress curl ,  whilst in the southern south china sea they are induced by the wind stress curl . "
john boehner getting paid in beach bum tanning gift cards
"“having lived in cosmopolitan beijing for six years ,  what i saw in india was like a new wave of delightful visual images , ” said zhou . "
see you boys at the office on monday . 
"independent corporate juridical person personality system in practice ,  there appear company shareholders abusing independent company personality and shareholder limited responsibility ,  this article makes an initial analysis to company personality necessity ,  establishment of denial system of personality of corporate juridical person in order to equilibrate the rights of company and shareholder and risks of shareholder and creditor ,  there fore to make the legislation of market economy of our country wholesome and perfect . "
"in a strongly worded statement ,  the chinese embassy in ottawa pointedly compared the tibetan issue with canadas past struggle to prevent francophone quebec province going it alone . "
"when we use a phrase like ' it serves him right '  ,  we are ,  in part ,  admitting that a certain set of circumstances has enabled justice to act of its own accord . "
"there was no time for questions ,  no room for ideas .  it was too painful to go deep .  there was just enough time and energy to stay afloat on the surface . "
"after nigel left his academic post and went into business ,  it took him quite a while adjust to the rat race . "
"larry pope ,  chief executive of smithfield ,  says the two companies first discussed working together four years ago . "
"though most were hits ,  a couple weren ' t blockbusters ,  financially ,  and one was an outright flop .  instead ,  i used as my criteria two main things . "
"the reader may well be mystified as to how the author could be so capricious ,  particularly as he had little beyond his own savings to draw from . "
i think they must have upset me . 
"only the heel and rabid younger officers wanted to continue ,  and even they were heartsick . "
"the usage ,  types and methods of evaluation of ablative materials are explained and the ablative performances of polymers in ablative materials are compared . "
if a man urge me to tell wherefore i love him， i feel that it can not be expressed but by answering，because it was he， because it was myself . 
"experience teaches men craftiness .  after all ,  you only live once ! "
i was already thinking about gettin ' to the airport . 
"i accidently knocked down the ink bottle ,  splash ink over the table . "
"motherfucker ,  are you out of your damn mind ?  ! "
can we be sure they are free from any taint of disloyalty ? 
"fully trained ph . d . s doing this all the time ,  let ' s break it up into small components , "
and you are still able to transmit data  -  -  that ' s possible . 
see if you can open the door
do you like to take a local train or an express ? 
"objective to reduce the blindness of intrauterine operation and the trauma of uterus ,  to avoid uterus perforative by abdomen ultrasonic leading intrauterine operation via vagina . "
"the middle fifth ,  with income of  $ 56 , 200 ,  pays 13  . 9 percent . "
who tells you where the money is . 
is where they operated and went inside my brain
"professionally ,  i am a decently busy photographer and yoga teacher . "
"the blunt poetry of his words ,  his unadorned insistence on respect ,  promised a new and uncompromising order ,  martial in its discipline ,  forged through sheer force of will . "
"“we are available to take on a greater role in the reconstruction of angola ,  ”said wei in a press conference in beijing on china - africa relations . "
"and so ,  this astrolabe is on loan from us"
"north korea friday said it no longer wants or expects to be taken off the list and is making what were termed  "" thorough preparations ""  to restore its nuclear facilities . "
and the point of the article was that we have gotten
" "" what happens in new york and london spills over into asia within hours ,  ""  he said .   "" one point that i would like to make loud and clear :  the myth of decoupling has been exploded in the last eight months !  "" "
but i ' m not even supposed to talk to strangers . 
"at this ,  what you do ,  you ' re great . "
rationality implies proper conjectures and attempted refutations based on critical thinking . 
"that ,  as the world grows smaller ,  our common humanity shall reveal itself .  "" "
"now ,  with the nation in the midst of a financial crisis ,  he is making his last appearance at the 21 - nation asia - pacific economic cooperation forum . "
start to draw or paint in the shape of the fire . 
"team player :  those who are team players are cooperative and can be leaders or participants ,  as necessitated by the situation at hand .  they are willing to share responsibility with other team members ,  whether that means taking credit for successes or responsibility for failures . "
"however ,  this sector ,  represented by just 4 of the 100 largest companies ,  reported an increase of 8 . 6 percent and contributed 25 . 9 percent of the mozambican gnp . "
"and said ,   "" hey ,  i ' ve got these two different models for creating an encyclopedia . "
"so with that ,  let me just show you a quick video"
"o arjuna ,  a person being liberated from these three doorways of nescience ,  performs austerities for the embodied self ;  thereafter reaching the supreme goal . "
"design coming from a sense of economy  -  -  very ,  very clear limits . "
and how the ignition timing worked and all sorts of things . 
"and to imagine is to put myself in that story , "
"according to the big bang theory ,  the early universe was filled with hot plasma — a cauldron of protons ,  electrons and photons ,  with a smattering of other particles . "
"emily :  all right .  but ,  the facebook profile also allows a lot of judgments to be raised .  who is that woman who your arm is around ?  is that your sister or someone else for the dating world ?  for the professional world ,  gee ,  do you know that one of your friends is a roaring racist and is linked to all sorts of creepy stuff that you haven ' t removed ?  you have to be attentive to this thing . "
"the curiae and the gentes of which they were composed were thus degraded ,  as in athens ,  to mere private and religious associations and continued to vegetate as such for a long period while the assembly of the curio soon became completely dormant . "
the hotel manager reports a room breach on the 16 th floor . 
"do a deep knee bend ,  and it ' s very likely you ' ll hear popping sounds coming from your knee joints .  there are also popping sounds when you crack your knuckles . "
"you ' re gonna let some fucking hot shot ,  punk come in here and take my fucking case ? "
what make you think i ' m not from here ? 
"in your place ,  i ' d feel the same way . "
"hope ,  hope ,  the spring arrives at earlier ;  hope ,  hope ,  everything is good all no longer desolate . "
"because i wasn ' t doing more ,  apparently ,  to make things better . "
"only reincarnation continues to turn ,  shen month coorong vegetation .  who said :  the time is still ,  is our flies . "
i would hope that we could come out with a book or a video or even a computer program that folks could access to do this . 
"it became quickly apparent ,  however ,  that he did have one weakness . "
"who could have imagined ,  in the mid 1970s ,  for example ,  that by the end of the 20th century ,  computers would be as common in people ' s homes as tv sets ? "
the company has a strict dress code—all male employees are expected to wear suits . 
"in considering a very large creel ,  it is obvious that some of the supply packages must be very much further away from the point where the beam is being formed than others . "
"i ' ve discussed this with my clinical supervisor who agrees ,  and we ' ve come up with some recommendations together . "
it had to happen sooner or later . 
it no longer rains in america ;  your tv weatherman will tell that you we’re experiencing aprecipitationprobability situation . 
"don ' t eat those sock all day ,  we eat some food nourishing . "
"1 . formulate the development history and status quo of plastic precision injection - compression molding technologyin exordium ,  the author briefly reviews development of picm .  the author believes that increasing demands for plastic parts and appearance of new material are the motive force of picm . "
"as noted earlier ,  the american press ' s near -  unanimous bended  - knee reporting during the run - up to the iraq war was just one catastrophic recent example . "
"if there is something that i would give her for our 50th wedding anniversary ,  it would be a certificate of gratitude . "
"harmonious and balanced ,  with a plump fruitiness and silky texture offset by round ,  gentle tannins .  the bouquet is complemented by a deliciously lingering finish . "
the news this week shows a clear tilt of the media to the right . 
"i mean ,  i know he ' s the most competitive man in the world . "
now all our free time is regulated by the“ goggle box” . 
"say ,  david ,  you think i could speakto you ,  privately ,  just for a minute ? "
the farm was in the hands of the argentinians . 
"if you let it out too fast ,  look . "
"sao paulo ,  brazil ,  5 nov–brazilian perfume company o botic ário may open up a store in macau following its participation in the territory ' s international fair ,  in october ,  brazilian export promotion agency apex said tuesday . "
"i would like to have two eggs ,  sunnyside up . "
for， said hushai， thou knowest thy father and his men， that they mighty men， and they chafed in their minds， as a bear ro ed of her whel in the field： and thy father is a man of war， and will not lodge with the people . 
both components will automatically add the appropriate aria attributes to the inserted html . 
i would really like to work with you . 
"however , they are essentially the same in that they both fused the personal life and the human life in their meditation of trying to go beyond death . "
"and mine today is a star that ' s labeled up there ,  so - 2 . "
"speak clearly if you speak at all ,  carve every word before you let it fall . "
"hey ,  kate ,  i ' m practically on the freeway right now . "
the counselor came up to me with a concerned expression on her face
"early society in the republic of china was an important times that transformed from traditional to modernization ,  a huge ,  important transition was taken place in such fields as politics ,  economy ,  culture and so on ,  yet all the transition of social structure ,  renewal of culture and value ideas were concerned with education ,  it was the most sensitive nerve which make society transforming ,  it was not only the end of chinese politics and economy development ,  but had great counteraction . "
do you have enough time to finish the paper ? 
"part of the art of designing a simple ,  good interface , "
"struggling under the weight of packed bags from luxury stores including prada and louis vuitton ,  amy jiang pauses for breath . "
"in his weekly radio address ,  mr .  bush said congress has failed to deal with issues including a free - trade agreement with colombia ,  confirmation of the president ' s nominees for 350 federal positions ,  and funding for u . s .  military forces abroad . "
"the agreement ' s main aim is to increase commercial relations between portugal and angola in strategic sectors such as food ,  construction ,  real estate and security . "
i would never let that happen if you were mine . 
we have no pestilence we have no god . 
"if we take a look at what ' s really happening in the online world , "
i want to buy a set of air conditioning . 
"i ' ve been meaning to call you so we could ,  like ,  hook up again . "
"in a statement that his lawyers submitted to the international criminal court ,  he said that a trial and sentence in libya would be tantamount to murder . "
"the first set of people in silicon valley got very ,  very rich . "
their growth ends when learn to use the toilet . 
"don ' yot think that was something you , uh ,  should have told us , inspector ? "
"recently ,  the board of cfl carried out an experimental trip between kilometre 30 ( luanda )  and dondo ( kwanza norte )  and visited the stations of catete ,  barraca do zenza do itombo and dondo ,  built as part of the refurbishment and modernisation of the rail facilities destroyed during the civil war . "
non  -  life insurance companies faced with another major risk for financial risk . 
but she shrank with peculiar reluctance from any risk of estranging it . 
"this cool billboard features a real sundial whose shadow falls on a different breakfast item each hour until noon ,  when the shadow of the mcdonald’s arches are dead center . "
because we keep dumping fossil fuels into the atmosphere . 
"hp seems to have ignored both currents ,  at least in the past decade . "
"arab - americans make up roughly 0 . 5 percent of voters who will cast a ballot in the november general election in the united states .  influence is growing in dearborn ,  michigan  -  home to the largest arab - american community in the united states .  arab - american community leaders expect record voter turnout in november . "
and so we needed grants .  and he used significant grants
"sharapova had broken a tournament record in conceding just nine games in reaching the last four but she was overwhelmed by li whose heavy - hitting ,  high - risk gamereapedmaximum reward . "
so what should a government seeking to provide leadership to anxious markets and a fretful public do ? 
the downy flower head of a dandelion that has gone to seed . 
da :  a physicist will tell me that this armchair is made of vibrations and that it ' s not really here at all . 
even i have never been allowed to see the scars on her back . 
he wants you to decide for yourself . 
"the demise of the boozy lunch is one more sign of the u .  s .  influence ,  which pervades mexico ' s middle -  class . "
"last week ,  uber updated its app to notify users with an alert if surge pricing ends within 30 minutes of looking for a ride ,  in case they want to wait it out . "
"using a balance scale ,  how can he find the counterfeit coin in just two weighings ? "
"here are eight stress - relievers i love ,  for daytime or bedtime ,  they each take just a few minutes to do ! "
"so ,  technology is more than just the stuff in your pocket . "
i ' m just going to do my best . 
"i cannot but bless the memory of july caesar ,  for the great esteem he express for fat men and his aversion to lean one . "
but even the foreign friends are also starting to notch up the pressure . 
neither am i .  why ishe telling me that ? 
handmade by dwarfs in the black forest . 
"provided  /  providing  ( that )  you clear your desk by this evening ,  you can have tomorrow off . "
"“china provides production platforms for portuguese export companies that want to compete on a world level ,  ”he said . "
you got to think like a secret agent . 
is doing epidemiological surveys and finding out the causes of blindness
he ' s not always the most politically correct guy  .  .  . 
lee harvey oswald was not a male model . 
" "" i believe that modernizing the country is indispensable .  it ' s worth working on this for all of us ,  ""  berlusconi told reporters upon his arrival from milan . "
"get me hildy johnson ,  press room ,  criminal courts building . "
those women who refused to dwindle in the midst of apartheid . 
she hit her husband in a moment of aberration . 
"its purchasing power is set to exceed that of the u . s .  this year ,  and is on track to become the number one global economy by the early 2020s . "
"okay ,  like that ,  and i ' il stand here . "
i needed the money for a deposit . 
and i am confident that she ' il want to meet her maker on her own terms . 
"the utility was keen to put off that expense ,  if not avoid it altogether ,  by making up the demand with natural gas or solar . "
"while it is a less popular place for other visitors ,  it is full of treasures for yao because many ancient chinese paintings are displayed there ,  giving her an opportunity to learn about ancient civilization . "
"if he hadn ' t made an error ,  he would have won the tournament back in the year that ellen won . "
"last sunday at the american music awards ,  the singer j - lo slipped and fell on to her bottom . "
students pay 65 yuan per month to rent a seat and to enjoy air - conditioning and hot water . 
"and what i see today ,  you can ' t go to a mid - size town in europe or north america"
"da de da de ,  da de da dah . "
"hunter ,  i ' d give you a kiss but you just ate a worm . "
great salt lake is the fourth largest terminal lake in the world . 
to walk into a drug store and buy chemicals . 
"gates is backing a technology that could store 16 years worth of birth control medication on a small chip implanted under a woman ' s skin .  the device ,  which could be available as soon as 2018 ,  is under development at the massachusetts institute of technology .  when activated ,  the chip puts out 30 milligrams of the hormone levonorgestrel daily .  it can be turned on and off without a trip to a doctor . "
"everyone at this studio loves the dailies , myself included . "
 #  i ' il take what scares you hold it deep inside
nobody wants to be all in one column . 
"i am so not listening to you ,  fool . "
the aqueduct of the project is the overhead water transporting construction which strides across rivers and roads . 
"the two extremes are complementary in alternative application ,  displaying the spiritual features of the tenacious will ,  the ruthless affection ,  the acute blood ,  the courageous resolution ,  etc . "
it clears out the old to make way for the new . 
give me some of that over there ! 
"it is also the consensus of relevant parties that freedom and safety of navigation in the south china sea is out of question ,  and countries in and outside the region have all benefited from it . "
and if they do mention them to their own doctors
 #  now she ' s gone love burns inside me  # 
"they raise basic philosophical issues dealing with the nature of ownership ,  the validation of knowledge ,  and concepts such as altruism and collective goods . "
they ' re gonna be furious when they find out we ' re gone . 
"for greater clarity ,  you have no rights to vest in your option during the notice period . "
"we can play his voice on the air ,  someone will recognize it and report him . "
that ' s all these glamour pictures of black women in their church hats . 
"at arm ' s length in many ways ,  so it doesn ' t master my life . "
"for god has not called us for the purpose of impurity ,  but sanctification . "
"come on ,  man ,  you didn ' t feel a thing . "
the large marketing network of jinjie company comprises the countless spots which cover the entire globe . 
the pet first indication was evaluation of the indeterminate solitary pulmonary nodule . 
" "" we hope to grow old ,  yet we fear old age ;  that is ,  we are willing to live ,  and afraid to die "" "
then you got the skins and the woods . 
the office of national defence industries should keep this problem in mind . 
"and so ,  when you have all sorts of urgent problems , "
i pronounce .  .  .  that they be man and wife . 
"thanks man ,  i told you i come back . "
the baronial class had now a fresh generation of leaders . 
"his remedies – that businesses look beyond immediate shareholder return and that the rich heed “the still ,  small voice of conscience ” and give something back – are fine for those disposed to listen . "
"similar momentum this year should put an end to the transmission of polio in this particularly crowded corner of the world ,  which has proven a challenge to global eradication efforts . "
"as fewer seats become available ,  fares switch to higher levels and if the carrier sees flights filling briskly ,  it will spike the prices . "
"the development of motorcycle styling has experienced 5 periods :  motor bycicle ,  scooter ,  moped ,  motorcycle and sport motorcycle . "
improved concussive shot  -  the stun effect can now be resisted . 
the city ' s mayor said he ' d taken a better - save - than - sorry approach .  world news from the bbc
she said it made herfeel like a bug under a microscope . 
there is no ammunition coming in anymore . 
he parted with us at the end of the trip . 
"to start with ,  these women that i told you about"
"the distributed foot ,  actually ,  is working more like a paddle . "
it ' s part of an ancient genovian tradition . 
"the first time ,  i was about 7 years old and joking around with friends at school ;  i accidentally said “bitch ” instead of beach and we all thought it was hilarious . "
"account for and audit all item on all outgoing shipments if any ,  and suppliers ' credit memos . "
"i voted first ,  with my own hand ! "
to take care of the baby she ' s about to give birth to . 
parents seem to be looking in an unusual place for inspiration for baby names this year - their smartphones and ipads . 
that ' s more pollenthan you and i will see in a lifetime . 
"afterall ,  one cannot hang uselessly on the door ,  like a drunk - up wine gourd  .  .  . not contributing to this world"
"two more days ,  just two more days i will pay ! "
i just want her to ieave me alone . 
kate middleton made it onto the list in 2010 “for the poise and dignity with which she conducts herself in the public spotlight” . 
this is the edge of the blast radius . 
what to know the best way to manipulate somebody
"lower level of southeastern china is governed by anomalous anticyclone .  the sink motions favors the higher than normal temperature .  the probability of the occurance of heat waves is higher ,  too . "
and what drove him to spend the hundreds of hours of practice
"fiocruz ' s offices in africa ,  which is accredited by the african union to help develop the continent ' s health system ,  will also be headquartered in maputo . "
"zolteck ,  he ' s gonna need some running room . "
"for thine is the kingdom ,  the power and the glory , "
"there is no end of all the people ,  even of all that have been before them :  they also that come after shall not rejoice in him . "
"so ,  the beginning of the christmas shopping season ,  we would call it ,  is the day after thanksgiving . "
 ' cause that ' s the way they treat even you .  .  . 
"to know what food you must eat if you wish to scare away the blues ,  then you need to continue reading . "
"if more people flee ,  she says another camp will have to be built to accommodate them .  pandya says the iom needs  $ 4 million dollars for the aid effort . "
"now ,  here on the mississippi bayou ,  hundreds of fishermen and old pirates have lost their lives . "
the staff of kivu lodge have fled . 
standing up to men with guns who want to kill us ? 
"hayward tyler has been bhel ' s primary supplier of glandless motor pumps for boiler circulating pump duties for the last 20 years ,  the company says . "
we ' re sending you all our intelligence . 
"i took it with me to the camp ,  but it got stolen . "
she dashed a glass of beer in his face . 
the russian prime minister vladimir putin has accused western powers of using fears over iran ' s nuclear programme as a pretext to bring about regime change in tehran . 
or diving into the ocean in coney island wearing formal attire . 
conclusion :  extraction from corylus heterophylla leaf could reach the higher restraining effect . 
pushing a football across the floor with his head at four months old . 
he was seduced into leaving the company by the other higher pay elsewhere . 
that ' s the kind of stuff we do . 
"third ,  you need to assign and  /  or share the same set of resources to each server . "
"it is round ,  like the size of a small yellow agate . "
red is the colour of heat and represents power and strong feelings . 
"experts say that if the alarm sound ,  easy to get scared ,  cause vasoconstriction ,  accelerate the heartbeat ,  induce or worsen heart ,  brain arteriosclerosis ,  myocardial infarction ,  etc . "
"the imf said it was restoring options for raising extra money . from brussel ,  chris morris reports . "
one was conrad burke .  and one was doug mcintosh . 
turn your head on more of a slant . 
"the headline - grabbing popstar ,  known for her eccentric ,  if not shocking ,  sartorial style ,  knocked oprah winfrey from the forbes top spot .  oprah had held the title for four years . "
objective :  to present the cosmetic use of botulinum a toxin in treatment of dynamic facial lines . 
you mean the friend made the phone threats ? 
objective to know the ultrastructure and function of synapse in mammal ' s medulla oblongata megacell reticular nucleus . 
not all the ads play tricks on us though . 
"isn ' t that a part of it ,  accommodating each other ? "
"rather than far  -  flung acquisitions ,  it ' s consolidations that stand out among the maturing titans of chinese capitalism . "
"as the only listed chinese telecommunications company ,  zte expects 15 percent growth this year . "
please make sure that your microscans are charged for download . 
the famous nerve scientists gerald m .  edelman and giulio tononi make a new analysis and generalization to the problem of consciousness that is noted as a world enigma .  they develop the enigma into a subject that is not only fit for philosophical exploration but also for scientific research . 
" "" anything is possible ,  if you just believe .  "" "
but there ' s been a lot of debate in tunisia
"you comin '  down off some shit ,  ain ' t ya ? "
so it ' s no surprise to see some desperate straw - grasping from people who have a stake in the degree ' s future . 
"i ' ve got this shop ,  world ' s end ,  that has incredibly good prices . "
an inveterate cultivator of beautiful gardens ;  a cultivator of valuable corporate contacts . 
"for it to work ,  you first have to predict the path of a storm ,  then get the submarines in place before the storm can change course . "
"so huang established open douban courses this january .  having read huang’s notice ,  some douban . com users have volunteered to be the lecturers for various topics :  western literature ,  chinese history ,  dance culture ,  and psychology . "
and ethylene natural rubber and polymer materials for uv inks and finish . 
"the initial crystals ,  freezing next to the mold walls ,  have the lowest alloy content . "
"the experimental results show that sulfur passivation can prevent as from diffusing into fe and co overlayer and weaken the reactions of as with fe and co ,  which enhances the magnetism of fe ,  co thin films grown on gaas ( 100 )  . "
"lisbon ,  portugal ,  22 may–fifty brazilian companies ,  mostly from the food sector ,  are spending this week in lisbon to make contact with portuguese distributors ,  at a meeting promoted by brazilian export promotions agency ,  apex ,  on the sidelines of the alimentaria 2007 food fair . "
the interference of bicycles in automobiles has become a mail factor of urban road congestions . 
six weeks ago i was ordinary and patheric . 
an official or authoritarian declaration ;  a proclamation or an edict . 
"on the medium with crude toxin ,  the rooting rate of mutant was higher than 20 %  ,  but the control was zero . "
but gone are the days when science assumed each sense worked in isolation . 
here ' s another guy .  you can play the diagnosis game yourself here . 
"well ,  the least they could do is give us a little porn . "
dalglish claims he ' s seen signs over the past few weeks to suggest saturday ' s result won ' t a one off . 
"filled areas whenever a series of lines or curves encloses an area ,  you can cause that area to filled with the current gdi brush object . "
"attack of the clones conclusively establishes that these two characters have no blood relation ,  and thus obi  -  wan ' s brother is an as yet unexplored character . "
"with a lot of roads ,  with a lot of urbanization  -  - "
"and so on .  they were all grumbling ,  and so they boycotted him . "
"the owner did not utter a word ,  but handed him fifteen sous . "
security checked the videotapes from all perimeter cameras . 
"it is bigotry in its purest , most evil form . "
885 .  station wrc is off the air now .  they signed off two hours ago . 
you will need to provide the data type for each of the list attributes if you will be binding them to any control on a page . 
he did not hesitate to ask her to sit beside him . 
"this half ,  i ' m gonna put my finger on the 1 and notice i can do the same thing . "
"he says the american president also had a strategic goal ,  hoping to counteract the influence of the soviet union with closer ties to china .  but he says nixon ' s motives were tinged with idealism ,  and that he hoped to end the isolation of the chinese people . "
may god bless the memory of those that we lost .  may he comfort you and your families and may god bless these united states of america .   ( applause .  ) 
"it is stated that industrial clusters are a natural phenomena of industrialization ,  and is a manifesto of industry competitiveness . "
"but the next day i couldn ' t control myself ,  i told her . "
"and yet ,  you have a little .  .  .  you have a little twinkle .   .  .  . in your eye when say it . "
did you use to  ( or :  used you to )  live in ottawa ? 
hot humid air is blanketing most of the nation this week . 
"suspend device :  made of hook ,  chain and spring .  it ' s used to hang bag on the beam of filter . "
there may be different genetic backgrounds in aa patients with different age of onset and duration . 
"you take someone ' s goals away ,  their dreams ,  what ' s left ? "
" "" beloved ,  you do faithfully whatever you do for the friends ,  even though they are strangers to you . "
"cream is the most representative method in cognitive system engineering .  applying the basic principle of analytic hierarchy processing on the basis of cream , the author has set up a hierarchical structure model for analyzing human - faults affecting factors in extensively complicated man -  machine system and corresponding procedure of ahp , and finally has brought forward an example of its application to the jco supercritical accident analysis . "
"i don ' t know why this couldn ' t wait until morning ,  ken ,  but here you go . "
"whatever can be done ,  can be done more effectively when you add kindness . "
"5 .  while in the shower ,  a jingle alerts you that you ' ve received a text message .  the speed of you scrubbing your body increases significantly .  however ,  you consider that anytime a person sends a text ,  they ' re not in too big of a hurry ,  because they ' d call if it were urgent .  at least ,  you ' ll try and convince yourself of that to ease the stress .  that ,  or cross your fingers that it wasn ' t even them . "
and empowered us to go down to the streets . 
 -  things that you know what they ' ll do in advance  -  - 
"i ' m not talking about designing telephones that look like that , "
he ' s from shanxi he did your marketing in shanxi
"that probably would not be a very polite or nice thing to say ,  so instead you would say ,  “it didn ' t work out . ”"
"these compounds used respectively have low corrosion inhibition efficiency in high temperature and price costliness ,  then can ' t meet practical require . "
"we will not have to pay for the blood ,  because it will be your blood . "
"if they have to pay for it ,  they use it . "
"abreu ,  michael ,  m .  cernea :  nongovernmental organizations and local development ,  world bank discussion papers ,  1988 ,  the world bank ,  washington ,  d .  c . "
i expect some of the starch has gone out of that cowlick . 
"all the same ,  i go with her . "
"like i said ,  it won ' t take long . "
there are immense stretches of land like this  -  - 
"it ' s the reason i ' m here ,  the same reason we ' re aii here . "
"after the eviction thursday in hebron ,  israeli defense minister ehud barak told reporters the ability of the state to impose law and order upon its citizens was put to the test . "
"representatives for disney ,  which distributes miyazaki ' s movies in the u . s .  ,  didn ' t respond to a request for comment . "
and most of the provinces in kenya is quite modest . 
"as one of the anaphoric devices ,  english reflexive pronouns have long captured the imagination of linguists . "
"but the problem is ,  he was no longer a threat when he left the house . "
"corn starch was hydrolyzed by acidic alcohol solution can prepare micro - granular amylodextrins .  the amylodextrin can replace a portion of oil in the formulation of a mayonnaise .  through evaluating the emulsion viscosity and stability we find the type of 925 ( 99 . 9 % etoh - 2 % hcl - 5hr ) own high emulsion viscosity and good stability , and can replace approximately half of the oil in mayonnaise . "
"“we have the same kind of foreclosure crisis today and the people in this camp are a mixture of homeless ,  formerly homeless ,  poor people ,  unemployed people and just different activist groups , ” he said . "
narrator :  thus did man become the architect of his own demise . 
the executive branch carries out the laws which have been made by the politicians . 
help for the bastille prisoner ' s kindred in la force ! 
i stand here before you now truthfully unafraid . 
i said i would tell him a confidential story on condition that he kept it secret . 
"since bookmaking was a criminal offense under state and federal laws ,  marchetti was forced either to violate the law by not registering or to incriminate himself . "
"well ,  i ' m not usually a massive bitch . "
"we should call the roll before getting started with today ' s team building ,  just to make sure everyone is present . "
mr obama could usefully look to the netherlands and denmark for ideas on how to overhaul an antiquated unemployment system and improve its training schemes . 
"that ' s why i want this project started .  .  .  because once he ' s stuck here ,  i know he ' il take over . "
"according to many scientists ,  the burning of rainforests is also directly contributing to the so - called greenhouse effect . "
"in the 1980s and 90s ,  an american television comedy series told about four older women living in miami ,  florida . "
let ' s get in .  there ' s still plenty of room in the elevator . 
children are taught to show respect and reverence towards their grandparents . 
some consumers camp for days to get the best deals . 
"but lately ,  the doors of the palace have been flung open , "
"there are troops on the streets ,  but a senior opposition leader has promised to keep up the fight .  michael bristle reports . "
"yes ,  it was almost 15 hours .  with only a touch down in hongkong . "
"a high calcium lignite coal , limestone and lime , supplied by xiaolongtan power plant in yunnan province , have been fired in 1 mw semi - industrial coal combustion research facility at tpr1 to demonstrate the l1fac process for so 2 removal .  the feasibility study was carried out on l1fac process using high calcium lignite coal for so 2 removal . "
"however ,  at the perimeter of harbours ,  you ’ll often find a curious group of people standing around in waterproof clothing ,  armed with binoculars and pads . "
" "" and i ' m 81 years old ,  and i don ' t drive a car anymore . "
the correct treatment of cancer is a matter for almost endless debates . 
apply moleskin adhesive protection in between the thong and toe if a blister forms . 
"paul ,  you and your guests are nazis . "
"other php image functions include testing the image to see how large it is and ,  if the size is over a certain recommended limit ,  scaling the image to a more reasonable size for the auditor ' s screen . "
"sure ,  parents teach children to tie their shoes and help them learn their letters and numbers and other academic things . "
let ' s invite her to the disco — she needs distraction . 
"the goddess delivered the heifer to argus ,  to be strictly watched . "
i sort of wrestled with the notion of how do you make a picture of a dead shark
but knowing how to keep a conversation going is a great skill to possess . 
"if we do not turn the hearts of children toward knowledge and character ,  we will lose their gifts and undermine their idealism . "
"the power of her characteristics helps her friends become optimistic and industrious like her ,  makes her enemy scary and awe  -  struck to her ,  and also benefits her readers . "
reading is a good way to absorb knowledge and become familiar with news events . 
"she never talked to susan baker at meal  -  times ,  thus expressing her disapproval over susan being allowed to  "" sit with the family ""  at all . "
 #  that ' s how it has to be  # 
"salvatore mastroeni :   "" mayor ' s office ,  schools ,  any public entity where youngsters can gain workforce readiness skills .  "" "
"having now disposed his forces ,  he rang up the local police station and asked them to send up extra policemen to guard the factory . "
methods :  to analyze the base  -  line data of the ncd . 
it ' s the best time foryou to talk to him . 
does my house look like a dojo ?  ! 
and he kind of flicked it open in a way that caught the sun
the abt four  -  pipe rear muffler with painted panels will only be identified at second glance . 
"products wanted :  magnets ,  poly resin items and keychains in designs of dogs ,  cats and fishes . "
"the united states ,  roubini went on ,  will likely muddle through the crisis but will emerge from it a different nation ,  with a different place in the world . "
i can ' t get my father in italy to work on the internet . 
he ' s horny and checking out the rooftops . 
"look ,  the point is i am here for you ,  okay ? "
"recently cmec international exhibition said it would take chinese exhibitors to the alc ântara machado international mechanics fair ,  to be held in sao paulo ,  brazil from may 23 to 27 . "
"thanks to continuing interest in his music ,  jackson ' s estate is now making more money than he was earning immediately before his death from an accidental overdose .  as a result ,  his children ' s shared allowance has increased by  $ 3 million  ( ￡1 . 78 million )  over the last five years . "
"learn to recognize the negative thoughts you have .  these are the self - doubts ,  the criticisms of others ,  the complaints ,  the reasons you can ' t do something .  then stop yourself when you have these thoughts ,  and replace them with positive thoughts .  solutions .  you can do this ! "
i ' d like to know the reason why you ' re so late . 
so i should call the nobel committee and tell them to get our prize ready . 
"come quick ,  save my father he ' s going to be beaten to death soon"
i don ' t got time for this shit . 
it needs an act of self - destruction .  .  .  an effort of the will . 
"he gave me half the picture ,  then got fired . "
"it ' s all bullshit ,  and it ' s bad for you . "
"i mean ,  they were so brave and so bold"
some appear willing to say just about anything on camera to hide their cluelessness about the subject at hand . 
the blue whale is the world ' s largest living animal . 
"based on c language fingerprint identification process ,  is a small system . "
"according to the basic principle of soil mechanics for unsaturated soil , the stability of an actual expansive soils slope was analyzed with the shear strength considered as the variable with the deepness . "
"instead of dictating solutions from afar ,  the united states will work with countries that “take the lead in designing and implementing evidence -  based strategies with clear goals ,  ” clinton said . "
this is the most recent ban on the list and gained momentum after members of the bolivian wing of an animal rights group went undercover . 
i knew you ' re cut out for the job . 
" ' too expensive here .  and there ' s a cheaper one nearby ,  the one across the bakery . "
i feel like i got a hickey from jumper cables . 
all the combined actions can maintain the normal structures and functions for gastrointestinal tracts effectively . 
"“donors are concerned about mozambique ' s commitment to democracy .  there are fears that external aid could be helping frelimo to cement its power ,  thus weakening the opposition ,  ”swiss peace said in its fast report on the first half of the year ,  to which macauhub had access . "
he ' s testing you to seehow much he can get away with . 
but i gotta take dad home and allen called and i ' m supposed to meet up with him later . 
"sunhope xinhui industries started out back in 1997 manufacturing manicure tools，sets and aluminum cases for cosmetics ,  jewelry ,  tools and gifts . "
you two go ahead while i distract him . 
"these rowers and stuff – this is it ,  this is the thing – not feeling you fit in . "
" ' other countries are old and rich ,  '  said albert park ,  a professor at hong kong university of science and technology and another survey leader .   ' china will be old at a relatively early stage in its development .  ' "
"that would go on for hours and hours ,  until dawn . "
how can you treat someone without meeting them ? 
"my dad looked at me for the longest time ,  and his eyes started to tear up . "
"for some reason ,  he believes i ' m having an affairwith eliot larkin . "
it says the money could in turn help displaced children . brian hansford is a spokesman for the unhcr . 
"the allusion served as a timely reminder to darnay that this disagreeable companion had ,  of his own free will ,  assisted him in the strait of the day . "
my collection could use a lot of these . 
"boyfriends ,  dogs ,  pets  -  -  what else  -  -  sisters ,  brothers ,  and all those . "
"gotcha .   / i love you ,  boog .   / goodness me . "
"good evening ,  and welcome to great escapes . "
let ' s just start by looking at some great photographs . 
afraid you miss out on any important announcements via twitter ?  just head on over to http :  /  / t . cn / zwokbak for the latest news / announcements ! 
"as a mother ,  sometimes i ' m alarmed ,  really alarmed ,  at how much our children learn from us  -  -  everything from the way we talk to how we act and think . "
" "" damn fool question  !  ""  to a bbc journalist at a banquet at the elysée palace in paris after she asked the queen if she was enjoying her stay . "
and now we know it ' s still out there . 
"anwar basunbul :   "" our culture still believes that men are biologically more qualified to lead or rule women .  "" "
"this paper introduces how to use dynamic link libraries of windows system in vb6 . 0 ,  and then expound the method and skill about its declaration and parameter transfer in deltail . "
"staying in spain ,  various real madrid players are still peeved at ronaldo ,  whom they accuse of taking it easy in the league so that he can stay fat ,  sorry fit ,  for the world cup . "
it is common knowledge that the chinese invented paper  -  making and gunpowder . 
the hyperbaric chamber is one - inch steel all around . 
"therefore ,  contradiction between tradition project and installing place in the winding large  -  scale grp production is handled . "
"becky says ,  “or ,  maybe she likes you ,  too , ” and curt says ,  “don’t let your imagination run away with you . ”"
"there were so many shapes ,  but i had only seen a few ,  such as two dolphin swim out of the sea ,  mysterious stone on the rapa nui ,  large amount of tropical fish and so on . "
"one of two ways :  dance a spiral with the  "" bridge ""  on the turn out of the center or dance a formal maze and the same maneuver on the turns . "
they feel as though they have the power to begin the world anew . 
"tsvangirai told the crowd that zimbabweans are beyond fear now .  he said the road for the opposition has been long and painful ,  but that victory is at hand . "
that kind of reliability and quality rubs off on all their products . 
and this is not effective .  and the government doesn ' t have enough resources . 
"i didn ' t realise until quite late in life that some women don ' t just wear make - up ,  they wear a full - on disguise – the sort you might adopt if you were evading capture .  at university one of new flatmates came downstairs late one night and i thought we were being burgled . "
despite the results researchers found that most women viewed being fat as a source ofshame . 
my view that decisive action is justified is contentious . 
she shed crocodile tears  ( ie pretended to be sorry )  when she dismissed him from his job . 
maybe he wasn ' t even gonna start the shower . 
skin is important  ( the cosmetics industry proves that )  .  but so is what lies under it . 
people did not think it was worth putting a price on it . 
and everything to do with the client in crisis . 
the new director was a big wheel in his previous company but is not so important now . 
"they don ' t anymore .  so the founding fathers said ,   "" we ' ve got some money to spend . "
"by an investigation to various examples ,  it is found that the texture distortion is mainly produced from the discord of direction variation between texture and surface geometric ,  incurred by the simplification to the surface . "
"for all the hardships ,  these migrants forged the country ' s first modern urban identity ,  leaving behind an inland empire that was still deeply agrarian . "
"now ,  stage one ,  you ' ll notice ,  says ,  in effect ,   "" life sucks .  "" "
"look alice ,  you got to make him do the start up with teddy and me"
china is a competitor to the west and america in particular . 
some people are very resistant to the idea of exercise . 
"in malaysia ,  labor agents turn a deaf ear to women ' s complaints about abusive treatment and pleas to return home . "
"about the story ,  the biography  -  -  or rather the biographies  -  - "
"today the rsc runs face - to - face courses for 25 teachers at a time in one of its rehearsal rooms .  within three years the new partnership plans for 1 ,  000 teachers a year to be trained using the online programme .  prof taylor is confident :   "" i think that ' s a really conservative estimate ""  .  and with 64m students around the world studying shakespeare ,  the attraction of the partnership is easy to see . "
click read privacy policy button when finished filling up the form . 
"i haven ' t decided on the menu yet ,  let alone bought the food . "
"and people would come up to me after the conference ,  after my talk , "
" "" if other countries are concerned ,  they ought to do what we are doing ;   [ and that is ]  through quiet diplomacy send a message to the chinese that this is an opportunity with the whole world watching to show that they take into account ,  and want ,  and are determined to treat their citizens with dignity and respect ,  ""  he said . "
pope benedict expressed the hope that a french - brokered cease - fire between georgia and russia will turn into a stable peace .  he renewed his appeal to the international community to continue to work for a lasting solution through dialogue .  he also called for the rights of ethnic minorities in the region to be guaranteed . 
"airbus ,  boeing and other manufacturers will be there to sell aircraft . "
"coronary revascularization for cav is only palliative ,  with no long  -  term survival benefit . "
they drop the butts on the ground . 
and i will never forget that day when you saved my life . 
u . s .  agriculture uses 1 . 2 billion pounds of pesticides every year . 
"the guest arrives at the hotel ,  bellboy and doorman welcome the guest with smile . "
"is it true there ' s a spot on your tummy ,  and if i tickle it ,  your foot will shake ? "
"the survey ,  which involved the technological university of nanyang and had support from the world bank ,  showed that amongst 79 economies in the region macau was the 3rd best location in which to do business ,  behind taiwan and hong kong . "
"women would pay  $ 10 to take a picture kissing him on the cheek ,  gibson said . "
"now ,  i want you to put your data on the web . "
"if you tell your boss and then his wife proves you wrong ,  that could be the beginning of the end for you . "
"and i decided that i was never going to go on tv , "
"number three :  i do want to ,  if i can ,  find a way"
it ' s only human nature to want a comfortable life . 
"i explained that to him already ,  charles . "
"and ,  you may have ,  for example ,  how much money the company made in the last five years . "
"usually some kind of shock ,  or more than one ,  is involved . "
"if you are a bargain hunter ,  you ' ll forward  -  buy a lot of daily products you need in the future . "
"that is ,  we have a gulf population ,  one that we can tag  -  - "
channels and air pockets in the ice provide shelter for myriad marine species . 
but earlier the kremlin did say the will of the people who ' d voted on sunday through referendum in eastern ukraine should be respected and the results implemented peacefully . 
"of course ,  no one now believes that the earth is flat . "
there was no whole foods you could go and get kangaroo steak at  -  - 
the goverment has determined to clear up all the blue films . 
"due to its advantages of high power capacity ,  weak dispersion ,  easier fabrication and low ohmic losses ,  the folded rectangular groove guide would an excellent slow - wave structure in millimeter and submillimeter wave twts . "
"there was resistance for the old malaria drugs ,  until we got the new drugs . "
"samsung sustained heavy losses in ast before ultimately giving up on the deal ,  which remains samsung ' s largest overseas acquisition to date .  even now ,  the office of the chairman remains wary of big acquisitions ,  in large part because of ast ,  employees say . "
he hared off  ( ie ran away at great speed )  down the street . 
"mr .  case ,  52 ,  and his wife jean case ,  50 ,  said they signed the pledge because they hoped it would help philanthropists learn from each other .   ' it is less about what size of a check that you write and more about the outcome ,  '  mr .  case said . "
"and where you ' re going ,  that ' s exactly what you ' il be . "
in october lui said that opening star world would help the company reach a market share of 25 percent . 
"any of various plump ,  chickenlike game birds of the family tetraonidae ,  chiefly of the northern hemisphere and having mottled brown or grayish plumage . "
"hey ,  sweetie ,  can you grab me a beer ? "
south africa passed further laws designed to make life difficult for non  -  whites . 
"well ,  consider by analogy ,  the concept of physical health . "
"8 .  if you get yourself to be really happy and excited to see other people ,  they will react the same to you . "
"and i don ' t mean that we could say whatever would actually happen in the future , "
"i will return with your man ,  chaney . "
i wouldn ' t accept mistakes if they are on things we practise in training in the week and then don ' t do out on the pitch . 
"here ' s an example :  if i were to tell you ,  let ' s play"
there was a witness in st petersburg . 
double agents live in a perpetual state of fear . 
"that we ' ve got a few tens of years ,  and perhaps 100 years"
survival separates the dodos from the beasts ! 
trying to comprehend what it was that stood in front of me . 
"hey ,  you gonna stay with us long ? "
"and i felt really robbed ,  because by the time the actor started being king lear , "
"does it sounds like i ' m laughing ,  sweetheart ? "
he ' s set up his own headquarters in the town hall . 
the same courtyard hosts the revolutionary committee that supervises the workers at the village . 
"diane keaton plays daybreak ' s co  -  host ,  colleen peck ,  a former beauty queen . "
"about 20 , 000 people have taken refuge at a u .  n .  base in the capital ,  juba . "
i ended that series with a kind of a mail - in petition
connected all the way back to a power station burning fossil fuels . 
are you still worried about what happened this afternoon ? 
i have been successfully grooming myself for longer than y ' all have been alive . 
"now ,  i am giving you a surprise"
nigeria ' s acting president goodluck jonathan was closeted in a meeting with security officials all afternoon . 
time zipped by and the year was soon over . 
we may not become angels every time but we do take delight in whoever you do . 
i ' m just going to refer to it as a knowledge ecosystem . 
and on the left hand side it ' s the camera flyer
gmm gaussian mixture models in c complete source code can be directly used by the test . 
all this is grand heresy .  we need to clear away the lingering clouds of wartime propaganda and begin understanding what really happened . 
"hey ,  did you get the gift basket i sent ? "
"members of the armed forces  -  from the mechanized infantry to nurses  -  paraded past president pervez musharraf and other dignitaries ,  while fighter jets screeched by overhead ,  as the country celebrated pakistan day . "
"can i have a belvedere on the rocks , "
"agostinho landa told the paper that the visit by the kuwaiti delegation was a result of the promotion of the port ' s potential ,  as part of the implementation of the corredor do desenvolvimento do norte ( northern development corridor )  ,  which ,  as well as being one of the exit points for some land - locked southern african countries ,  also offered an acceptable level of service . "
"the ways that rules can keep people in the dark , "
"earlier this year ,  the school announced it would be offering five online courses through udacity . "
the floating bollard groove is an important component of wannianzha ship lock . 
"as the road buckled and water gushed down alleyways ,  it was a timely reminder that the modern city is built on crumbling ,  century - old infrastructure . "
aren ' t you worried about the board of inquiry ? 
"some of hollywood ' s most popular and powerful entertainers ,  ellen degeneres ,  jay leno ,  jeffery katzenberg and others have called for the boycott of hotel"
as i hope you ' ll find that slide on the right . 
philip is the life and soul of any party . 
to what was really going on in this reality . 
"like a wounded beast ,  he stamped with fury and ,  summoning all his powers ,  showered his heavy fists on me ,  roaring hysterically ,  you ! "
the ifo survey is carried out four times per year and covers around 300 business owners and economists in the euro zone . 
he picked up the broom to help me sweep the floor . 
i see you brought your biggest gorilla with you . 
"these are tiles .  the word ,   "" playful ""  is a necessary aspect of our work"
"if you stop desh ,  they ' il just get someone else . "
1911 ▪ wiliam larned ▪ wiliam larned of united states became chamipon for the 7th time .  in final he was better than maurice mclaughlin with 6 - 4 6 - 4 6 - 2 . 
"gerald ford was an  "" accidental president .  ""  he came to office in a sudden turn of events . "
simon turned abruptly and left kerry at the door . 
"around 22 million tourists visited macau in 2006 ,  a rise of 17 percent against 2005 ,  when 18 . 7 million tourists visited the territory . "
"all right , everybody ,  the lead story is now chuck ' s . "
"but these strategies depend upon a detail task list of what you are doing ,  by when ,  for whom and why  ( priority )  . "
i actually thought of putting a big - size projector on my head . 
"angry mourners at the funeral of the assassinated lebanese security chief ,  wissam al - hassan ,  have tried to march on the government headquarters in central beirut . "
"a digestive experiment was conducted on japanese sea bass  ( lateolabrax japonicus )  weighing 30±1 . 80g at 25±1℃ .  chromic oxide ( cr 2o 3 )  was used as the inert indicator and apparent digestibility of dry matter ,  protein ,  lipid ,  energy and amino acids in various feed ingredients were determined . "
"word order is one of the most important grammatical devices in modern chinese ,  and it is ,  at the same time ,  one of the toughest points in the teaching of chinese as second language . "
that was the best of both worlds . 
"i said ,   "" well ,  i met the guy who built the thing"
the company wishes to minimize the cost of producing a single aluminum can . 
i ' il do this the easy way :  ghosts . 
the woodcutter entered the cottage and killed the wolf . 
most of the attacks have taken place in peshawar because the city is close to the country ' s tribal districts . 
"angola aims to increase bilateral cooperation and plans to involve china in other economic cooperation projects ,  particularly in the fishing ,  power generation ,  road and urban water supply sectors . "
"submitting resumes ,  visiting job fairs ,  even taking interviews  -  it seems some junior students have already joined the job - searching throng . "
"he strolled about ,  looking very debonair in his elegant new suit . "
"it ' s not open source ,  but the freedom from drm is still awesome . "
"in this paper ,  diamond  -  like carbon films are prepared by pulsed vacuum arc deposition on silicon substrate . "
auto  -  scroll is a very important adjunct to drag  -  and  -  drop . 
"i like to ,  as i said ,  talk about things i know nothing about . "
you will not always be his favorite . 
the teacher had to keep after her pupils to do their homework neatly . 
" "" there is no hunting like the hunting of a man . "
"results : sexual hallucinations is a complication following anesthesia with psychotropic drugs , it ' s easy to be misunderstand as sexual harassment and result in allegations of sexual misconduct between patient and clinician . "
"what are we doing standing here ,  man ? "
everybody who has ridden the new york subway system will be
single people and gay people will be eligible for the lottery along with couples hoping to conceive . 
she added :   ' i dress as charlotte because the other brontes were quite young when they died and i ' m 49 . 
"let ' s just get your boyfriendoff the streets ,  so he doesn ' t get himself into more trouble . "
"so if you ' re invited to a conference and it ' s frowned upon to bring a spouse and you bring yours anyway ,  expense for half your dinner . "
don ' t you have to begoing out to get dumped ? 
in the meantime i can see how he acts and if he shows any changes . 
"guys ,  can you give us a moment ,  please ? "
she began  ( her talk )  by saying that she would not speak very long . 
"norwegians  "" love slow ,  ""  arve hjelseth ,  a sociologist at the norwegian university of science ,  explained to the wall street journal . "
"place the remaining attributes in alphabetical order of their qnames  ( for example ,   "" a3 ""  then  "" y :  a1 ""  then  "" y :  a2  ""  )  . "
"but if you insist ,  i ' il be happy to put you under . "
"with each recursive step ,  cross products with one additional permutation group are formed . "
"he edited ,  proofed and supervised these books in production . "
"that ' s why ,  perhaps ,  you will try to have this angle of vision . "
"however ,  it is always polite and friendly ,  and you will never be regarded poorly for trying to make small talk . "
somehow we all have relatives in wisconsin . 
"binhai ' s port ,  already north china ' s largest ,  is due to double its container  -  handling capacity by 2010 . "
17 .  upon seeing the tear in the painting i shed a tear . 
for container securing most important is the transversal acceleration .  for example deck accelerations . 
and there is a pedestrian corridor that they wanted to add
and you sometimes need to be shocked out of that . 
just how well do you know chigurh ? 
"given their severity .  .  .  and the fact their cardiac symptoms are getting worse much faster than their other ones ,  what does that tell us ? "
that kind of thinking could ruin you . 
only aslan can help your brother now still . 
"the intruder ,  the newborn army ,  they ' re all her puppets . "
barely grew up together in the same house . 
"plus ,  there are jobs to be created in a newly revived moon program . "
"since bilbao opened ,  which is now four ,  five years , "
"bob doughty :  when snow crystals stick together ,  they produce snowflakes . "
he recalls how he originally cast pitt and nicole kidman as the married spy couple in his film but that brad pulled out of the project due to a lack of chemistry between himself and the flame - haired australian . 
sometimes it rose to an aching chord that caught the throat . 
"now ,  galois produced some laws for how these tables  -  -  how symmetries interact . "
"a polar bear carcass found on the arctic island of svalbard ,  the northernmost part of norway ,  has shocked experts who say climate change may be to blame for the animal ' s death . "
"i came to the united states 13 years ago ,  and to this day"
" "" this is a typical case of behavioral analysis leading to accurate demand ,  ""  he says .  in xiaofei ' s case ,  the game provides a dialog channel for people with similar behaviors ,  such as hobbies ,  personalities and ways of expression .  if man and woman with matching indices happen to be single and seeking love ,  their online conversation will result in  "" accurate demand ""  - dating and everything after that . "
the manager will be free soon you can wait for her here . 
" "" it ' s the first time he will be publicly taking off his pants ,  although he does it regularly already ,  ""  the 37 - year - old said . "
death coils damage and mana cost have been reduced 100 . 
virgos emotions can run the warmest warm and the coldest cold ;  even for the same person . 
"indeed ,  the concept of free speech only exists in our modern society because when you are inside a community ,  you are conditioned by the conventions of the community to such a degree that it is very difficult to conceive of anything really destructive . "
the order to abandon ship was given and hundreds of people plunged into the icy water . 
the three unrated items are sampled with a probability proportional to number of their high  (  >  =  80 )  ratings . 
"well ,  my friend ,  all is not well on the hippie front . "
distinguishing between activity - based costing  ( abc )  and activity - based management  ( abm )  and the circumstances under which abc becomes abm in making strategic and operational decisions . 
let ' s wind the clocks back a year . 
who the fuck else am i gonna hang out with ? 
"when you feel stuck in a rut ,  it is time for you to upgrade your skills . "
women ' s preferences may be just as influenced by the culture in which they grow up . 
she will have no recollection of the incident whatsoever . 
"i ' m by no means a perma  - bear ,  something those of you who have read my work over the past 13  - plus years know . "
"those who play the  "" girl ""  to his  "" man ""  will be virtually sold to his friends ,  robbed of property ,   ( the same kind of behaviour female prostitutes practise on johns who believe she  "" loves ""  him )  . "
she is a foray of a disaster but the mindset does not understand this and perseveres in the union by day . 
they were protecting the lady prime minister . 
"but when we talk about a voice being husky ,  it’s usually a positive description . "
"jone said he was dissatisfied with the speed of the project ,  particularly in october ,  as progress slowed drastically due to a lack of concrete sleepers . "
"“i hope the clouds clear soon , ” said mr sakuma . "
this is a war that starts at the age of three . 
and this was true for all the pair - wise combinations of tasks . 
"and it ' s not because they whipped some up ,  tried it and went ,   "" yuck .  "" "
"if i lend you this money , i ' m your senior partner . "
"south korea is sending its chief trade official to washington for what he describes as  "" additional ""  negotiations on a controversial beef import deal .  however ,  leaders of mass protests say nothing short of scrapping the deal and restarting negotiations will be acceptable . "
"people with higher obesity ratings ,  however ,  had almost a 30 percent greater risk of death compared to normal - weight individuals . "
"about that taste ?  prepare yourself .  real olive oil – the good stuff – will be powerful and peppery and it will catch in your throat .  you may cough ,  your eyes may water .  but these are in fact good indications that what you ' re tasting – finally !  – is authentic .  it is also full of the reasons ,  especially flavor and health ,  that we were drawn to olive oil in the first place . "
" "" the administration ' s basic approach to foreign policy and national security i think has been bankrupted by reality :  the fixation on pre - emption ,  regime change and the simplistic slogans that encompass the war on terror i think literally ,  not figuratively ,  made us less secure ,  made us less secure as a nation ,  rather than more secure ,  ""  he said . "
"in the past two years ,  japan has emerged as apple ' s fastest - growing region ,  far outpacing its home market and the booming economies of greater china and the rest of asia .  japan is also home to apple ' s biggest profit margins ,  and the only one of apple ' s five regions where operating profit grew in the past fiscal year . "
it was no maners to put us out of bed in the middle of the night . 
"life has taught us that love does not consist in gazing at each other ,  but in looking outwards together in the same direction . "
the chinese leader does not want to admit that his nest ' s huge pile of american debt is not going to be worth what it cost . 
"never shy about stretching the design envelope ,  hyundai pulled the covers off the new genesis way ahead of schedule to get onlookers used to  "" fluidic sculpture 2 . 0 .  ""  the most notable feature is the oversize ,  in - your - face radiator grilles that seems to have been borrowed from audi .  hyundai has also announced that the 2015 model will be equipped with a new all - wheel drive system ,  carbon dioxide detection to keep drivers from falling asleep ,  and a hands - free trunk that opens when you stand in front of it for three seconds .  customers have liked the current genesis ;  hyundai has sold more than 25 , 000 of them so far in 2013 . "
"now ,  the two rovers ,  each one of them is ,  kind of ,  getting old . "
and organization you know  -  -  will find a way
"we already know there ' s pent - up demand for holidays ,  typified by the number of official – and unofficial – holidays out there .  take super bowl sunday ,  which is more widely celebrated than most official holidays .  take black friday ,  our post - holiday celebration of another contact sport ,  of sorts :  shopping .  take april fool ' s day ,  a celebration of pranks and human gullibility .  and then there ' s pi day  ( march 14 ,  or 3 . 14 – get it ?  )  ,  a celebration of circumferences ,  math ,  and store - bought cherry pie . "
i must find out which of them was in the right . 
don ' t keep saying your english is poor .  your english is really great !  i think you are just fishing for compliments ! 
"the men i interviewed found various remedies :  one pulled together a group of former co - workers and formed a creative - services co - operative ,  referring freelance jobs to each other . "
"so we can put him at the house ,  but not in the house . "
"nancy ,  my dear ,  what do you say ? "
" ?  gee ,  that ' s swell .  i guess you ' re just my fatal attraction - ie .  you閳ユ獧e my clonie .   ? "
"the problem is ,  if we begin firing particle weapons in engineering ,  there ' s a risk that we may hit the warp core . "
if you came across an essay titled the cost of sainthood you might assume it was a homily on the self - sacrificing life of some heroic person . 
online stores have many of the same payment collection inefficiencies as their brick  -  and  -  mortar cousins . 
but it will mainly study the universe in infrared light . 
"“it sounds ambitious ,  ” he agreed . “ but you know what ? "
my question was prompted by a recent harvard business review blog arguing that humble jobs teach young people more about work than any amount of poncing around as an unpaid intern in a film production company . 
"the number of international schools registered in mainland china has skyrocketed in the past 12 years ,  from 22 to 338 ,  according to nicholas brummitt ,  managing director of the britain - based international school consultancy group .  enrolment has risen by 25 times in the same period ,  to 184 ,  073 students . "
show us your tits !   -   #  is more than saying sorry .   #  -  hey ! 
"fin ,  we had a fight last night . "
"cattle herders ,  many of whom are young boys ,  are also at high risk as bovine tb can be transmitted through the air from cow to human . "
brothers after the success of the escape
"you can mold things just like you do in the plastic industry , "
"rosie :  i might ask someone to dance with me ,  helen . "
don ' t pull them down like you ' re gonna go -   -  like a ho ? 
"and i want an ordinary job ,  sir . "
"well ,  mr .  barlow , i don ' t know what you ' ve heard ,  but we are not thinking of moving the exhibit . "
"unbidden shall it call in the night ,  that men may wake and gaze upon themselves . "
"with mega up and running and his lawyers confident he can prevail ,  he is in good spirits . "
then why can ' t i see what happens to her ? 
there they can swing and slide and go round and round for hours . 
one thing i particularly pride myself on was being able to solve issues of employee  /  supervisor mismatch . 
i think the only motherfuckers who have teddy bears .  .  .  are bitches and butt pumpers . 
"the fact that time is only one of three factors doesn ' t discount the importance of time ,  for having an abundance of creative energy or being especially engaged doesn ' t help much if you don ' t have enough time to do anything with them .  manifesting change in the world takes time ,  but that ' s not all it takes . "
but everyone that i knew had an interest in the primacy of the written word
all mers published by imf satisfy standards of international comparability . 
but this is  -  -  children are not empty vessels . 
but you know from the minute you start that you have to leave it . 
philadelphia is best known as the city of brotherly love . 
"now ,  similarly ,  the old story about oil is that if we wanted to save very much of it , "
"the news of the price setting was anno0unced to the press by finance minister ,  issuf sanhá ,  at the end of a series of meetings held by the new government to discuss the cashew problem . "
"but ,  to the great disappointment of everybody ,  she failed the second test . "
"whatever you put in front of them ,  they ' ll take statistics on . "
and one of the problems we really were worried about
i am bochun from 500 years ago . 
"the two pledged to strengthen coordination and cooperation under the framework of the apec and to jointly promote the economic growth in the asia - pacific region .  russia will closely work with china to take advantage of the meeting to promote economic integration ,  reforms and growth and building of transportation infrastructure . "
"bedouin reported the new excavation to the local police in dhi qar ,  but officers there could do little except to draw public attention to the problem . "
and to see all the different permutations of it . 
"it was mr .  allworthy ' s custom never to punish anyone ,  not even to turn away a servant ,  in a passion . "
"that ' s a good thing for this particular acute problem ,  but it does nothing to solve the pyramid problem . "
"what was like ,  the most you ever made in a day ? "
" ' distinct drying in the third century paralleled a period of serious crisis in the western roman empire marked by barbarianinvasion ,  political turmoil and economic dislocation in several provinces in gaul .  ' "
"this july ,  he won the international university weichi tournament 2013 in shanghai ,  which saw competitors from 54 universities around the world ,  including harvard university and massachusetts institute of technology . "
"this is because the syllable - final glottal stop in checked syllable ,  which is not the sonorant ,  does not bear any tone ,  in its derivation to the surface ,  it is inclined to drop ,  which makes the fundamental frequency  ( f _  ( 0 )  )  of the sonorant in the rhyme higher and rising sharply . "
those who hear them seldom live to tell the tale . 
"ducklings of individual test group were fed using same trough ,  so statistical analysis was not possiple . "
you gotta get out of the house . 
"the boy with the bullet holes started running ,  new blood rushing from the wound in his ass . "
and one thing that happened there was also the pakistani taliban
they protested that there was no place for a school of commerce in their hallowed halls of learning . 
american university of beirut professor hillal khashem says he does not believe the syrian conflict will explode into lebanon . 
"during the rule of kublai khan ,  more europeans began venturing towards china along the silk road . "
jesus can heal your pain in your heart ! 
all sorts of shit and they shit harder than i can clean and that ' s what keeps nature growing and blooming ? 
"i was thinkin ' it ' s so nice out ,  wanna go for a walk ? "
"“i swear to god ,  bourdin looks exactly like francisco hernandez fernandez ,  ” the administrator said . "
and you think this suit ' s gonna help you ? 
the paper studies the reasonable list price which reflects the actual cost of the hospital by relating the total cost of the hospital to the unit cost and the item cost . 
so i went to bed that night pretty excited . 
the unemployment rate remained above eight percent for the forty - third month in a row . 
"portugal ' s imports from brazil were valued at us $  805 million ,  with oil accounting for the largest slice of these purchases at us $  248 million . "
"the man lay with his wife eve ,  and she conceived and gave birth to cain . "
what was it that finally decided you to give up your plan ? 
"i was in ireland during the troubles ,  10 years ago , "
"countries will feed off each other ' s growth ,  boosting confidence among businesses and consumers ,  leading to a self -  sustaining recovery . "
the core network of the grid must be accessed . 
"recently he found one dead ,  with its horns cut off . "
"but the numbers are also rising in developing countries ,  says coauthor christopher howson with the march of dimes : "
"the other parties to the six - nation talks are china ,  south korea ,  russia ,  and japan . "
"rats in the model group and treatment group were placed in the dark chamber with the radiation coefficient of 0 ,  and irradiated with the 60c0 treatment meter  ( radiation source )  ,  the average radiation dosage was 0 . 8 gy per minute ,  2 . 25 gy for each field ,  the total dosage was 4 . 5 gy per minute for 160 - 170 s . "
so the next time you and your brother go out for thai food you can make him look like a total wimp  ( i hate my brother )  . 
maybe they ' il know where we can find the guy . 
but first there ' s something i gotta take care of . 
"it ' s not possible to tell people to do what is going to be expensive , "
"in a statement issued thursday petrobras said its program of work for bloc 6 ,  in shallow waters to the north of luanda ,  would take 4 years and“will be focused on making an oil well discovered around two decades ago economically viable . ”"
" "" i mean america plays such a big role in the whole palestine / israel issue . "
"a blond ,  square  -  jawed cosmonaut is flanked by children and doves . "
the only thing i could do was simply to tell her which ones she needed for the exam and work on them a bit with her in lesson so that she could go practise on her own at home . 
"never give out your full name ,  address  &  phone number ,  unless it is to a secure site or it is a reputable site with a trust e privacy policy . "
"so ,  when i get those calls about performance ,  that ' s one thing . "
then you can look me in the eye and tell me you ' re sorry . 
"above all ,  don ' t let personal obligations affect your ability to do your work .  indeed ,  that may be the best way to broach a commitment .  instead of saying ,   "" i need the morning off to train for an upcoming marathon ,  ""  begin with explaining that all your projects are on track . "
a good lawyer might be able to get you off . 
i think pete ' s under a lot of pressure . 
"see ,  only i know the balance and the weight of this particular loaded die"
"i will tell you what they are ,  and there may be those among you who feel as i do . "
"plus ,  i ' il keep the cat in check . "
objective to seek the clinical early - stage rehabilitation treatment for hemiplegia caused by brain stroke . 
"i can ' t adapt ,  and that ' s why i ' m broke . "
we have to think about who has influence in the world . 
"if your course lasts for more than one year ,  you will be eligible for the former . "
"tell him how much you love ,  what he means to you and how much you appreciate all he does for you . "
"all this sounds good in theory ,  but it may not work in practice . "
sooner or later the japanese will kill him too ! 
"is activated when we see motion ,  when we see color , "
the old man is not steady on his legs . 
"the person that has this kind of case is the most serious is to know it ,  from inside fear and worry disengagement comes out ,  want treatment truly should be  "" venereal and scared disease ""  . "
you want to list your debits on this side and your credits on this side . 
"and none of them work ,  and that ' s the way it is with this word ,  hope . "
"this is gonna be a racial thing ,  isn ' t it ? "
"in timothy zahn ' s heir to the empire  ( bantam books ,  1991 )  ,  leia is pregnant with twins . "
it went off right in front of him . 
"i mean ,  you gotta admit ,  when you first meet him ,  it is kind of jarring . "
"the findings confirm that beardedness affects judgments of male socio - sexual attributes and suggest that an intermediate level of beardedness is most attractive while full - bearded men may be perceived as better fathers who could protect and invest in offspring ,  the researchers concluded . "
"the traps will be at the door afore you can say  "" spitalfields .  "" "
"it attracted fans all over the world ,  drawn to the story of a little dog ' s triumph over a deadly force . "
that fit into what i call nature ' s recycling system . 
why are you driving your parade under my rain ? 
the only way to know you ' ve done the job is if i go in with you . 
just trying to be a good manager . 
"they now believe that language may have been one of the  "" tools ""  that boosted humanity and led to thecolonisationof the whole planet . "
"once we get there ,  i ' il have your ride fixed up in a jiffy . "
"for everybody else ,  we go around like we ' ve been having sex since we were two . "
monitors are also built into the sheet under the sleeper  -  the idea being that electrical cords would disturb sleep . 
"hold on ,  i´m coming to get you ! "
"the eco - environmental monitoring network for the three gorges project is the only mammoth comprehensive academically net in china with trans - regions ,  trans - agencies ,  multi - disciplines related to hydrology and water quality ,  local climate ,  soil ,  terrestrial biological resources ,  hydro - biological resources ,  land disasters ,  human health and eco - system of estuary . "
" "" aluminium occurs naturally in the environment and is present in many fruits ,  vegetables ,  packaged foods ,  beverages and water .  we take every precaution to ensure the level of aluminium in our products is kept as low as possible . "
i never took proper care of you . 
"the company ,  a unit of chinese e - commerce giant alibaba group holdings ltd ,  announced on tuesday it would overhaul its business management system .  one major change was to significantly raise the commission rate and premium fees it charged all online shops . "
"during a time of heavy rain or snow ,  plants help to absorb the moisture . "
"when spring arrived this year ,  i decided it was time to visit wang yuegang ,  the man who can spruce up your turtle king . "
send us a postcard from crazy town . 
he told the general assembly that financial instability had obliged developing countries to accumulate dollar reserves to protect against a rainy day . 
"the wooing ,  the spooning ,  i am all in . "
"when i get frustrated and angry ,  i have to vent my spleen on someone . "
"joyce jiang ,  a young professional woman in hong kong ,  sat down with her friends in a restaurant one evening .  but instead of ordering a meal ,  she took out a bottle of juice .  “i can’t eat anything , ” she said .  “i’m doing a detox and it’s my third day — two more days to go . ”"
we remove the water and the accine becomes thicker and then solid . 
"the city of dongguan ,  located 50 kilometers from guangzhou and 90 kilometers form shenzhen ,  on the border with hong kong ,  has an are of 2 , 465 square kilometers and a population of 7 million people . "
"the portuguese pavilion at filda ,  which covers an area of 3 , 000 square meters has 117 exhibitors from the construction and public works materials and equipment sectors ,  consultancy ,  services and professional training . "
"vershbow says washington is ready to follow through ,  but needs north korea to act decisively . "
"happiness  -  -  and let ' s not forget ,  you ' re clever if you eat well , "
"when a cell -  phone connection is excellent ,  you and your remote partner to start up a dance together . "
"the new pfizer has three business segments :  health care ,  animal health and consumer health care . "
so how did things get so different for us ? 
"i was reading headlines about the recession just like anyone else , "
"at one hand ,  there is an improvement of the existing algorithm — the digital blind watermark algorithm of audio based on discreet wavelet transform . "
"“i believe that by mid 2007 ,  or the end of the year ,  at the latest ,  we may be able to begin the work ,  “sun said ,  who said that the project was a further example of the excellent cooperation between cape verde and china . "
"and this is really interesting to think about because you can imagine in our body we have concentrations of all types of ions ,  and specifically ,  some seem very ,  very similar to each other . "
"abandon all hope ,  he who enters there ! "
budget is  $ 30 .  should be a super quick fix and an easy  $ 30 .  for you . 
never do we imply that these are the only applicable properties . 
"asked about the reason for the delay ,  one in five middle class workers said they ' needed to keep working in order to support their children '  . "
the tape recorder has recorded his voice and the camera has recorded his features . 
trypanosoma gambiense is responsible for 90 %  of the reported cases sleeping sickness . 
look at how their little chests move up and down . 
enter carefully :  lift up the secretly true air disaster scene  ~  ! 
"health brings a freedom very few realize ,  until they no longer have it . "
so that they were still out of harm ' s way when the wave struck . 
the contents of this parcel are samples of no commercial value . 
"and these are the red triangles ,  and when the bacteria is alone"
” played the woman and shook his hand in disapproval with chagrin on her face . 
did the bachelor botch a batch badly baked biscuits ? 
the blank space between a margin and the beginning of an indented line . 
defense secretary leon panetta visited with u . s allies in asia last june to strengthen the partnership as the obama administration turns the military’s focus to the pacific following drawdowns in iraq and afghanistan . 
"through all these other stages .  again ,  developing more flavor . "
"now ,  why in the world do you get this pattern of results ? "
that is an indication of the confidence that is taking place in that economy . 
"and then there was a second level to this object , "
"business schools talk proudly of alumni who only a few years after graduating are running their own companies  ( and ,  increasingly ,  social enterprises too )  . "
"well , we only have to canvass 4 neighborhoods . "
results the positive rate of ntm examined in all age groups was 17 . 3 %  . 
the complementarities of these two methods are helpful to the safety management of the tank farm . 
"i ' m just goanna keel over here ,  you know ? "
so i thought i would just like to show you some of the pictures
"but authority in humans is not so closely based on power and brutality , "
hispanic women and women born in other countries were also more likely to breast  -  feed . 
the casing was driven into the soft muds in the top . 
"namely ,  free political choice ,  basic liberty and basic equality . "
which one do you want to take home ? 
"called caltech and the united states and the milky way galaxy , "
and it comes with a very good alibi . 
"most consumers are aware that this is an issue between two companies ,  not an issue of safety ,  said the spokeswoman . "
be happy that you are so normal . 
towers were an important feature of churches and cathedrals built in the romanesque and gothic periods . 
stores the data from the input into a temporary table in order to optimize rewinds . 
"macmillan cancer support ,  which gives practical help to cancer patients ,  said that some diets were so imbalanced they could harm a patient ' s treatment by affecting the result of a blood test . "
"actually ,  i think it is exactly what are doing . "
result showed that rifandin  ( r )  was dispersed in carrier with amorphous or molecularity through x - ray diffract experiment . 
i know about the place you are in . 
"no ,  i don ' t have any blue oyster cult . "
"next is a  < 5 , 8 >  ,  meaning go 8 -  bytes back ,  and copy 5 bytes to the output . "
the flames licked up a row of building in a second . 
"for now ,  there continues to be a niche for some small farms like the beatty ' s .  their farm is all paid for ,  and their milk goes directly to a dairy cooperative ,  where it is mixed with the produce of other small farms and marketed right alongside milk from the bigger factory farms . "
i want a helicopter out of here . 
"the story ( absurd enough )  is that jupiter made the first woman and sent her to prometheus and his brother ,  to punish them for their presumption in stealing fire from heaven ;  and man ,  for accepting the gift . "
"okay ,  so let ' s see spider - man 3 next week . "
results :  all the flaps survived except 2 cases of venous thrombosis and 1 case of necrosis after 3 weeks .  beard grew out of the flaps in male cases . 
8 :  nongshim shin ramyun black premium noodle soup – united states
"they ' re heading your way ,  like they know something . "
"for this reason ,  the pericardium is usually regarded as an attachment to the heart . "
and we discovered that it ' s structured in two digital bombs  -  - 
you have the option of reconnecting the files or continuing with them offline . 
"wear your favorite color ,  the one that brings out your beautiful eyes ,  and you ' ll walk a little taller and smile throughout the day . "
"this can still be a day of days ,  but the timing .  .  .  must be flawless . "
" , those make this kind of macromolecule have well enough application prospects in drug deliver ,  catalyst carrier ,  gene therapy ,  metal millimicron composite and membrane material etc . "
"purchase all  -  natural ,  organic household cleaners ,  recycled paper products ,  organic cotton ,  and non  -  gmo food products . "
"when d ' urberville got back to the tent he sat down astride on a chair reflecting ,  with a pleased gleam in his face . "
this extends the conversation and provides more mental ‘triggers '  for you to recall the name at a later stage . 
and had both of his arms burnt so badly
"so unless there are any other questions ,  i ' d reaily iike to get back to my work . "
another tossed its mane back and forth making noises that sounded like a flute . 
what kind of friendwould inflict pain on you ? 
"but when pretty princess margaret asked him whether he wasn’t afraid to play that way ,  as he balanced a sandwich and a cup of tea at buckingham palace after the team’s glorious 1 - 2 olympic loss to booted france ,  he would not mention poverty . "
it ' s against the rule to pick up the ball . 
"chinese consumers are young ,  ambitious ,  and hopeful about the future .  they have no fear of losing their jobs ,  and they get raises of 10 %   - 15 %  each year .  what better place for a luxury goods manufacturer to test its wares ? "
"on tuesday in brasilia ,  the brazilian exhibitors to be present at the btl received a document from the embratur chairman ,  jeanine pires ,  entitled profile of the portuguese market . "
beijing ' s policy is not what the parents were hoping for . 
alzheimer ' s disease is the most common neurodegenerative disorder in the world and a leading cause of dementia . 
the federal marshals may need help keeping things under control until then . 
"mother gave me a toy  "" pig ""  on my tenth birthday .  it was very lovely . "
"there is a more than one kilometer  -  long underground river ,  whose t transparenwater keeps running allyear round . "
"if you develop software ,  you ' re in a battleground and you need to learn how to defend yourself . "
"i said this tree had a secret ,  right ? "
do you know what they call a 300 hitter
i see that ass is still growing . 
"one opposition leader ,  riad seif says he believes this is the key to winning real support from the outside world . "
we encouraged the smiths before leaving the parking lot . 
it was to be conquered and mastered like the earth herself . 
"doing this same thing :  word st .  in pittsfield ,  massachusetts ; "
rising stem  -  inside screw is the most common and preferred design for bronze multi  -  turn valves . 
"whenever you work on that level ,  things behave different . "
"here ,  it’s being used to say that something is very wrong ;  something is unclean or disgusting . "
"the good news is random people apparate from nowhere , "
"the thesis ' s main contents :  based on the data model of transmission losing ,  combined with sonar system and targets parameters ,  the theory and the arithmetic on calculating the input ratio of signal and noise ,  realize two dimensions distance forecast .  study the theory of beam forming on an arbitrary shape sonar array ,  deduct its directional functions ,  so as to estimate the array gain ,  the directional precision ,  and the differentiation of more targets . "
"rb :  yeah ,  i think i was a bit of a maverick and  -  -  but i  .  .  .  and i was , "
she pitched the ball as far as she could . 
"in some nigerian states ,  governors must personally sign off on every property sale ;  many demand a fee . "
international chamber of commerce  ( icc )  favors a code of conduct that would ban of bribes . 
he fears that he is about to have a heart attack . 
does this mean he ' s in charge of this new operation ? 
if they ' re paid by commission on each trade they just keep calling you up and coming up with new ideas for new trades . 
"if they had a concept of being true to one ' s self , "
iraqi officials say there are about 80 shipwrecks littering the coastal area and blocking shipping lanes that need to be removed .  they say the port also needs to be dredged so larger ships can get closer for loading and unloading .  they also want to almost double the tonnage of ships the port currently handles . 
some reporters listen in my office so they can obtain copies of the opinions immediately and start writing stories . 
what do you mean where was i ? 
it ' s kind oflike rings on a tree . 
i ' m giving the world an opportunity of studying and viewing the cellini venus . 
i want to know about them .  things that i can relate to : 
"obama turned his attention beyond the democratic primaries to urge unity against expected republican candidate john mccain .  he had words of praise for his fellow democrat ,  senator clinton . "
"accept it ,  it ' s just human nature ,  accept the inevitability of interpersonal conflict – don ' t agonize or beat yourself up over it ,  but assume in the normal course of human events this is a normal occurrence … and look for constructive openings rather than dwelling on negatives . "
you should just get it checked out . 
on the second or even first donation . 
"they make a midden ,  a pile of refuse  -  -  mostly the husks of the seeds that they eat . "
 ' cause they ' re gonna fire meif i do ? 
i have a sufficient rainy day fund to sustain me until i find the right opportunity . 
what a young miss could do and what she could not do were as different as black and white in mammy ' s mind ;  there was no middle ground of deportment between . 
information bar displays original file size and file size without deleted scenes . 
i ' ve decided to make you a special project of mine . 
"aunt harriet presided over an invisible army of servants that continuously scrubbed ,  cleaned ,  and polished . "
"the classic american dish shows up on picnic menus quite often .  and it ' s easy to make and reinvent ,  because mashed potatoes go with different kinds of dressings .  besides the traditional mayonnaise dressing ,  you can also dress it with oil and vinegar ,  bacon ranch or sour cream . "
and that was the fundamental principle that we followed
"the baby is generally healthy ,  but and then she does catch a cold . "
"if you don ' t challenge ,  i ' il have your butt"
dr .  sun ' s granddaughter sun huifang was presented at the ceremony . 
i told you we all owe god a death . 
"the ritz  -  carlton beijing ,  financial street presented its second culinary coin festival astudded event . "
i wish i had more wishes but three is what i ' ve got and there they are . 
don ' t get in a muddle about the dates of the meeting . 
this thing doesn ' t want to show itself . 
"if the connection is strong ,  the motors will turn on"
i will lead my army to conquer vast lands and establish a great empire ! 
"like the world ' s tiniest computer i recently blogged about ,  the solar cells could theoretically be put to use with anything people want to make “smart . "
"like a function to dynamically calculate the age  ( based on the birthdate and the current date )  ,  or a function to return the full name  ( based on firstname ,  midinit and lastname of course )  . "
"those soaring obligations made households particularly vulnerable when the housing market crashed ,  said amir sufi ,  a professor at the university of chicago booth school of business . "
"i wouldn ' t go in there ,  baloney breath . "
they met in june and became lovers soon after . 
"he died looking into the face of a friend ,  raymond . "
"old guy paired up with a young ,  renegade cop . "
" "" my children climbed down from the upper bunk and sat with my wife on the lower bunk ,  as the thunder and lightning outside the train scared them ,  ""  said tian . "
"but i ' m really afraid we need much ,  much more . "
i took a crayon and wrote a huge yes across the paper .  we sat grinning at each other for a few minutes and then began to plan our wedding . 
mr edward snowden left hong kong today  ( june 23 )  on his own accord for a third country through a lawful and normal channel . 
the narcissus is becoming more and more lively under mom ' s careful attendance . 
"a certification on an affidavit declaring when ,  where ,  and before whom it was sworn . "
your brother told me what you said last night . 
doesn ' t it feel good to say it out loud ? 
you will find mrs .  carboy a stickler about trifles . 
"china ,  above all ,  and also india ,  to a marked degree ,  have survived the crisis unscathed . "
on march 5th the bank of england announced that it too had suspended an official following an internal investigation . 
she knew that meant she wouldn ' t have a future . 
the guys simply have poor civic awareness . 
i refuse to speak ill of any of my friends . 
"you remember we were talking about john philip sousa ,  great march composer around the turn of the century ? "
that ' s why it ' s a very interesting time to be in  -  - 
"americans topped the list of applicants ,  followed by britons . "
the demand for coal begins to slacken off in the spring . 
they called for assurances that the government is committed to its education policy . 
if everybody would just revolt and throw away the rake . 
the story about him became smaller and faded from the public eye by and by . 
the dramatic part came when he then pushed his tattooed arm out through the shark ' s gills and pretended to be fighting for his life by stabbing the killer fish in the head . 
i gave my bed to a sick woman who needed it more than i . 
"but at that moment ,  you are closer to him than anyone else on earth . "
"politicians such as barnaby joyce ,  alarmed by chinese moves to snap up australian mining assets ,  have been quick to make a connection . "
rival mitt romney said the recovery is weak and blames obama’s economic policies . 
"therefore ,  he must ever strive that the divine bounties and virtues bestowed upon him may prevail and control him . "
"well ,  i ' m your commanding officer ,  and i ' m ordering you to…"
i ' m thinking you always were the smart one . 
"i mean ,  a thing like that could– could never happen . "
"well ,  last night ,  we were blowing up balloons . "
"researchers this week at the biennial astrobiology science conference near houston ,  texas ,  described a series of ambitious new projects they say will continue the search for extraterrestrial life . "
"and as the sun sets behind her temple in the afternoon , "
"fima is an organisation made up of diamond mining company endiama ,  expo - angola and the ministry of geology and mining ,  and its main aim is to publicise the country ' s mining potential in order to attract private investment to the sector . "
and what if your dad comes up ? 
"it doesn ' t matter where or how you got one ,  first dates are awesome . "
ayurvedica is a mail - order company dedicated to bringing you the best quality ayurvedic products available . 
what a row over a water company says about french capitalism
"there some manned distant outposts ,  maintaining contact in navajo by radio . "
european perennial with mottled purple - pink flowers ;  sometimes cultivated for fodder or as green manure . 
"to a certain extent ,  if you are not yet measuring volume at all ,  it ' s somewhat meaningless to dwell on this debate . "
"the space of two side calculates original bath crock to go up is abnormal 0 spaces ,  use hard ,  but if measure a body , custom - built measurement standards receives ark suitably to install at two side ,  the value of this one space by rediscovery . "
"larry can play many musical instruments ,  including the violin and saxophone . "
"of the total gross revenue ,  gambling contributed 99 . 15 percent or 119 . 369 billion patacas and the remainder was generated by greyhound and horse racing ,  chinese and instant lotteries and football and basketball bets . "
"but we control these machines ,  they don ' t control us . "
"until recently ,  you needed at least two partners to form a limited - liability company . "
i just wanted to apologise for last night . 
"went to the south pole ,  the north pole ,  the amazon . "
hi .  .  .  my name is shawn .  and i ' m addicted to breaking bad . 
that made you very high - profile in iceland .  what happened next ? 
" "" it ' s not clear what inspired the small screen and the pig ' s ear shape¡­ "" "
"that i have a bachelor ' s in social work ,  a master ' s in social work , "
she ' s my tick et out of here . 
about half the cars produced in the world were fords .  taxicabs in hong kong .  most of the cars in south america . 
i wasn ' t really one of the cool kids . 
they remove the insides of the pumpkin and cut pieces from the outside to make a face . 
"you go up in the short term ,  and then you go up even more in the long term . "
"china has established a company to build regional commercial jets ,  with an eye to eventually reducing the country \  ' s reliance on boeing and airbus for jumbo jets ,  official media said on sunday . "
"anyhow ,  when my father came ,  we would be content with wandering round about his entourage and in the company of his servants . "
"but i meant the kind of rocking out where we ' d be naked .  "" "
"statistical data such as income statements ,  balance sheets and loan statistics are prepared and approved for release by the office of the controller . "
and you are helped to visualize the decrease of the infection . 
and to design soundscapes just like works of art . 
"i ' d like to see 10 , 000 people .   .  .  . give  $ 10 , 000 . "
"mrs burnie hoped her husband ' s retirement would allow them to spend more time together ,  but she said the  ' madness '  of devoting his life to helping others meant he was working 12 hours a day and barely seeing his family . "
we ' re guilty of something that i don ' t think we want to be guilty of : 
"so ,  do you wanna come up and dry off ? "
"we end up within these filter bubbles ,  as my friend eli pariser calls them , "
"in meetings with other officials ,  chinese reports have cited mr .  choe as saying north korea seeks peace and stability ,  but without any indication that pyongyang would be willing to discuss reversing its nuclear - weapons program . "
"i said  "" pop over for a cup of tea  ""  ,  not ""  pop into a cup of tea !   "" "
the results show that quite good distributed carbide and anti impact abrasive wear resistance can be obtained when 0 .  01 %  to 0 .  02 %  zn is used for modification . 
"the three astronauts are zhai zhigang ,  liu boming and jing haipeng ,  all aged 42 . "
" "" we have a special treat for you today . "
"it sounds solid .  it sounds american .  ballsy ,  serious ,  male . "
this nation owes you a huge debt . 
you can ' t get away from people like this ! 
"i didn ' t know it was going to make you fall in love with music though .  "" "
"one of the best ways to  "" change the channel ""  of procrastination is to change your scenery .  rather than sit in front of your computer or tv all day ,  get up ,  do some stretches ,  jog in place ,  do pushups ,  and move until your frame of mind has changed . "
"a real  -  time algorithm ,  called reduced  -  basis method  ( rbm )  ,  was firstly introduced to the analysis of truck frame . "
"in order to distort the evidence that they give to doctors and patients , "
"the meeting is organized by the cta and by the institute of export promotion of mozambique ( ipex )  ,  an organisation that is part of the ministry of industry and trade . "
"in putting your resume together for your job hunt ,  it might help if you have any experience with the four technologies most often mentioned in recent help - wanted ads on dice . "
do you have any idea where we ' re going ? 
"when they arrived at the apartment ,  there was a  "" for rent ""  sign up and the manager said that chris had moved out at the end of may . "
"that is modus operandi of… of… of a group… … that… it jeopardizes ,  as i say… … to construct a government with which they feel comfortable . "
out with the old :  the first step to cleaning up your desk is to get rid of any trash that hasn ' t yet made it into the wastepaper basket . 
a novel radial basis function neural network based on ant colony clustering  ( rbf acc )  was proposed . 
we just wondered how they climbed up something  -  - 
it ' s not the end of the world if you have a bad hair day . 
how can dotcom be liable for content even he cannot read ? 
"i want to know three and ,  you know ,  a year or two back , "
so the music had been my therapy for me . 
you ' re suggesting the help let a paparazzo into the house . 
“dieting is harming their health and tends to impact their future well - being . ”
rudy thought he hada flute lesson tonight . 
"so ,  we ' re clear about the no drilling ? "
"people declare that mind transfer is a swell idea ,  or an awful idea ,  but not that it is a wrong idea . "
"for the first time in iq testing ,  psychologists have found that female scores have risen above those of men . "
" "" these issues suggest that while 2010 will be a recovery year for the u  . s .  factory sector ,  it will likely be muted and insufficient to soak up historic excess capacity ,  ""  he said . "
because it ' s answering that question that tells us not only
to live forever as captain of the flying dutchman . 
people seemed to take delight in this high - flying chap getting caught in the act and banished . 
"so ,  on behalf of all australians ,  we wish the family all the best at this wonderful time of celebration .  "" "
"i would just ,  you know ,  walk into a room and just go like ,   "" eric !  "" "
and that ' s the way i read it at first . 
"galileo  -  -  he had the inquisition ,  so he had to be a little bit more polite  -  - "
it ' s for them that we fight today . 
"wait ,  it gets better !  most of the windows of the ship were smashed .  the main engine was covered in mattresses for no apparent reason ,  and only one of the other engines was working .  one of the passengers was a doctor ,  and his bag was found on the deck -  -  with several tools removed and replaced with bloody rags .  to cap off the scene ,  the failing generator had stopped each of the ship ' s clocks at 10 :  25 p .  m .  ,  presumably to indicate what we ' ll just go ahead and call  "" cthulhu time .  "" "
"if all nick ,  all are well happy charlie ,  the italian are all less your"
that ' s why these clothes only appear in the museum . 
"the new princess huanzhu is not the exception which proves the rule :  as a general thing ,  remaking classic tv shows is a truly bad idea . "
the broken windows left us exposed to the sub  -  zero temperatures . 
we all know that cats and dogs are different and that they have individualpsychologicalgames they play . 
we ' d like you to accept this book in payment for your kindness . 
"your darling wife ,  zeenat ,  is leaving you . "
this actually also goes for wine as well as fruit juice . 
that a truck caging 500 homeless and kidnapped dogs
"this is a kind of approximate calculation ,  which belongs to low research of level ,  and this accurate analysis needs bent axle actual condition of work limit more to calculate . "
"in spain ,  gonzalo sapina ,  a young man from barcelona ,  started a network called “cafes pendientes”  ( pending coffees )  and promoted the initiative among numerous coffee shops . "
this robust attitude undoubtedly reflected grass  -  roots opinion in the party . 
it ' s no joke catching a chill when you are recovering from an injury . 
"for there are many kinds of teaching method to choose to show the meanings to the students ,  such as pictures ,  cards ,  body  -  languages and language  -  situation and so on ,  until they have got it . "
the alchemist robs his victims ' souls when he kills them . 
it ' s not the material goods we want .  it ' s the rewards we want . 
and an infinite game is played to keep playing . 
"hi .  sorry ,  but you ' re listed ,  and i needed to talk . "
"it ' s an interesting mind  -  bender ,  but does some damage to logic and science along the way . "
this has caused confidence to plummet in recent months after a decade  -  long boom in commercial property . 
what do you think you ' re doing with that ? 
"now ,  your father played the piano ,  did he ? "
piety will frown upon the man who has inherited goods from the impious ; 
"and we fall asleep  -  -  and i ' ve been in this room ,  you know , "
" "" he is ,  which makes me believe that it is only an excuse of m .  noirtier to prevent his granddaughter marrying ; "
"and ,  on top of that ,  do a lot of training , "
"no ,  i don ' t want any damn hair . "
yuli farmers bedeck their fields with waving banners to frighten off wild geese and ducks . 
and i think that ' s what i ' d like to talk about today . 
you can’t permanently cure cancer in your own body while continuing to bathe in cancer soup . 
they also had a greater improvement in the quality of life . 
and will go on to create a myriad of new things . 
"etymology :  this phrase was in use by the 1940s ,  and comes from the literal act of missing a boat -  -  arriving at the dock after your boat has left . "
there ' s a long queue of people waiting for new houses . 
sebastian must lend you some clothes while you ' re here . 
i am willing to kneel before lord wicked
"they are actually vowing to retrain two million americans with i . t .  training , "
note :  this command is unavailable if you maximize the window . 
but then dougie saw sweet rachel and .  .  . 
"keep all the details of the analysis you performed and the financial calculations out of the assessment ;  after all ,  this is an executive assessment . "
he refused to identify himself / become identified with the new political party . 
you ' re an ugly son of a bitch . 
"will send a message back to the sensory cortex of the brain , "
"so if a is the more volatile component ,  it has the lower boiling point . "
"you can ' t find him ,  he is a bird of passage . "
it has also made carrying gunky green juice a status symbol in fitness circles . 
cruz neto also said that the programme aimed to provide rural workers with the opportunity to sell their products and encourage food production . 
"one of these days you gotta get a real wife ,  one that your kids don ' t gotta lie about every two seconds . "
"ah ,  the world ' s a lot less fun without you in it ,  buddy . "
with some of the things that you ' ll see in the video . 
"mr dance stood there as he said ,  ' like a fish out of water ,  '  and all he could do was to despatch a man to b -  to warn the cutter . "
this is a big night for sheldon . 
thick film screen printing is a process in which paste wet the ceramic substrates . 
"in a way that will bring about the salvation of the individual believer , "
the nominal capital of banco da china brasil will be us $ 60 million . 
"and we need to expand our simple equation of value equals money , "
i had to remind him again and again that talking without permission was not acceptable . 
the cold made xiangzi  -  just out from his warm quilt  -  gasp . 
"during cruise flight ,  airliner cabin environmental conditions are different from those in a building . "
"he was taking stand against a rule at impington village college near cambridge which allowed girls to change into skirts during hot weather ,  while boys had toswelterin long trousers . "
the poor command love and the rich are not no exception . 
a former congolese rebel leader mathieu ngudjolo chui has been acquitted of war crimes by the international criminal court in the hague . 
"people have been sucked through holes in airplanes before ,  but skilled pilots can often save the day . "
"the diversification of financial tools is a important feature of a complicated financial structure , but diversified financial tools also incurs mew risky elements . "
"the basic law ,  let ' s say  -  -  here ' s an assumption . "
all of that and you never thought about beefing up your security ? 
"he "" s given us special jobs to do . "
why don ' t we spend that on doing good in the world ? 
"asked about why cfm had acquired reconditioned engines instead of new ones ,  muss ásaid that the 10 locomotives the company was acquiring would cost it a total of us $ 7 . 2 million ,  whilst a single new locomotive would cost around us $ 5 million . "
to the four billion people who live on a dollar a day  -  - 
this paper aims at establishing r & d performance measurement and control mechanism in order to maintain high r & d performance in the long run . 
but willard creates all by hand in an astonishing process . 
"corn prices worldwide have increased by 50 percent over the past year .  john sununu ,  a republican senator opposed to farm subsidies ,  says corn prices have risen in part because america is using increasing amounts of corn to produce fuel for automobiles . "
"a nuclear thermal rocket ,  based off designs from the  ' 60s and '  70s ,  would use a nuclear reactor to super -  heat a gas and blast it out the nozzle to generate thrust . "
and it ' s spread and it ' s spread and it ' s spread around the world . 
"but it was ultimately our decision to follow him ,  and we continue to pay for that decision today with dark memories of our captivity . "
mr .  dinozzi says all of this can be done hands - free . 
that was when the london football association published the first set of soccer rules . 
well then you have .  .  .  your first name ' s human ? 
"sales by volume rose 45 percent to 107 , 000 metric tons ,  more than double the 43 , 000 tons registered in 2003 ,  macauhub was informed by the company–controlled by portuguese cement group secil . "
"they ' ll be able to hear maybe how bats sing ,  or how whales talk , "
but he was not hard of heart . 
i ' d get an ice cream cone for every book i read so
the old man was very peppery and sometimes without rhyme or reason flew into a passion . 
"like it is said ,  if you can ' t beat them ,  join them . "
does the arab bureau want a big thing in arabia ? 
but what it immediately did was that the volatility
the concept of the modern green building ?  rst appeared in the seventies after the oil crisis . 
"the structures of the isolated compounds were identified by ei  -  ms ,  lc  -  esi  -  ms and 1 h nmr . "
strong commitment to ngo sector in china and passion for community development work . 
"to explore the effects of plantal reflex area hot medicated compress therapy on anal exsufflation time of patients underwent abdominal surgery ,  181 cases from general surgery department were randomly divided into test and control group according to their different kinds of diseases .  they had undergone surgeries such as cholecystectomy ,  repair and ligature of hernia ,  repair of gastric perforation ,  and appendectomy .  patients in control group were given routine nursing care after operation . "
"the suggestions became more explicit ,  and so emerged the musicalcuesheet containing indications of mood ,  the titles of suitable pieces of music ,  and precise directions to show where one piece led into the next . "
"but ,  listen ,  you may have read about lizzie bradbury and myself .  .  .  being involved ,  so to speak . "
"those sentenced to  "" mittelarrest ,   "" a milder form of detention ,  are allowed a straw sack to sleep on ,  while their cells are not darkened . "
"over the past eight years since its launch ,  the eas has upheld the spirit of openness and inclusiveness in east asia cooperation . "
it ' s obvious she won ' t sleep with you . 
"days before the new year ,  chinese families clean their houses ,  sweeping the floor ,  washing daily things ,  cleaning the spider webs anddredgingthe ditches . "
"i alone have a right to blame and punish ,  for he only may chastise who loves . "
the flood rose to a level of 50 feet . 
"actuaily ,  i ' ve never thought about it yet . "
"for them there is no one ,  no special one .  their time on earth did not give them one . "
"as an organization of social control in grass  -  root society ,  tuan ' lien has been emphasized by researchers . "
"interaction or lack thereof with people unlike you ,  people of other races . "
"therefore ,  each until new year ' s eve this day ,  people that village village 寨 the 寨 is supporting the old and carrying young to abscond to the deep mountain ,  then avoid the  "" year ""  the 兽 ' s disservice . "
"visit our website to download a learning guide for this episode that contains all of the vocabulary ,  definitions ,  sample sentences ,  additional vocabulary not talked about in the podcast ,  as well as a cultural note ,  and a complete transcript of this episode . "
"the blueshifting continues without abatement ,  down to arbitrarily short distances . "
"for this insolent offence ,  the old fellow was aat once seized and thrown into the prison . "
"the ditch must be 25 feet long ,  16 feet wide and 23 feet deep . "
the united states was the host country for the olympics in 198which country will be the host country for the next olympic games ? 
exercise is perhaps the most effective way to rejuvenate your skin . 
"more than 10 ,  000 camels from across the gulf will be competing for millions of dollars in prize money at a beauty pageant for the  "" ship of the desert ""  in abu dhabi this week . "
"it depends on where you live because different products come from different parts of the country and the world ,  and so sometimes the price is different . "
the next step was the lengthy process of turning parts of the system off and on to see what made a difference . 
"when i make this smart remark to my partner ,  he gets angry at me . "
sybok also is a son of sarek . 
"the new season finds mindy kaling ' s title character from the mindy project ,  polly from how to live with your parents ,  and chloe from goodwin games joining the mix . "
anyone was allowed to take them and use them for short journeys . 
henceforth the line of succession would run only through his sons and their descendants . 
her body finally just gave it up . 
i have it right in my pocket . 
this is a period of atomic armament ;  some foolish one could start a war and then even a wise one couldn ' t finish the war . 
"luanda ,  angola ,  29 may–lawmakers in angola ' s parliament will debate draft legislation tuesday to create a nuclear energy program aimed to protect people and property from radioactivity ,  state news agency angop has reported . "
ottawa is the capital of canada and the country ' s fourth largest city .  it is located in the ottawa valley in the eastern part of the province of ontario . 
"if democrats are eager to ride a populist economic message into the 2014 elections ,  senator tom coburn remains focused on u . s .  fiscal woes . "
"adam ,  you gotta get mr out of here . "
some guy sits in a conference room somewhere and our server routes his session to one of our termination engineers . 
"now ,  the opposite of a snob is your mother . "
"detective stone :  it takes a little time ,  miss morris .  i have other cases i ' m working on too . "
"the report from hurun ,  a wealth research firm that focuses on china ,  said that one - third of china ' s super rich—or those worth  $ 16 million or more—have already emigrated . "
and it has a lot of implications in the way we think about nature . 
"or somewhere else ,  being microwaved by this atticus noyle ? "
he was having it replanted .  but it made him hate sir geoffrey . 
"the chest band should be “firmer than an everyday bra ,  but should not dig into your skin  . ”"
"guch ,  what the fuck is going on up in here ? "
"at the beginning ,  the man felt very happy at therotationof eating and sleeping . "
"kids are perceptive and know something is up ,  so trying to cover up a harsh reality to protect them only fuels their worries more . "
"ifhe bounces the ball once instead of twice ,  he ' s going for the body . "
we have an extractor fan in the kitchen to get rid of the smell of cooking . 
i can give you one for next week . 
i tried to do my work to the best of my ability . 
"certainly ,  nothing can give you more optimism than that . "
the pig iron containing boron and boron  -  rich slag were produced by blast fur  -  nace separating . 
i want you to drink as much of this belgian beer as you can . 
i ' il send them to your family to eat for dessert ! 
that ' s the part where i sold the volvo and bought the toyota . 
"harvey ,  calm down ,  it ' s not cancer . "
"macau ,  china ,  22 june–the governments of namibia and angola plan a joint investment to build a hydroelectric facility on the cunene river ,  a river which serves as the border between the two countries ,  african business magazine reported in its june edition cited by news agency angolahub . "
" ' the condition isn ' t in the dsm5  ( the american psychiatric association ' s diagnostic and statistical manual of mental disorders )  so i ' m not sure you can really call it a condition ,  '  said dr sheri jacobson ,  psychotherapist and director of harley therapy clinic in london . "
so which one do you think ivan is going to take ? 
party activists with lower middle class pedigrees are numerous . 
"and ,  much as it grieves me to say it ,  it might be that the people i love is ,  in fact .  .  .  you . "
wanna check the pollution levels of his chemical plants in mexico .  .  .  or look at the tax benefilts he got from this foundation ? 
"ironically ,  europe ' s own notable successes are an important reason thattransatlanticties will matter less in the future . "
"for breakfast the next day ,  it was gammon steak  ( think jambon )  and red capsicum ragout or an excellent warm smoked salmon crepe with asparagus ,  or the usual eggs to order . "
"stocks started 2013 with a bang .  for the week ended wednesday ,  u . s .  investors plowed  $ 18 billion into stock mutual funds and exchange - traded funds ,  the largest one - week total since june 2008 ,  before the worst of the financial crisis hit . "
and we ' ve taken the conference facilities and made a villa out of them
"then came the army of rifle - bearing troopers ,  a blood bath during which some 40 men were killed . "
many experts point out that physical exercise contributes directly to a person ' s physical fitness . 
if you can address it to the individual responsible for hiring . 
why  _ bar _  _ bar _  the arms value beauty .  .  .   ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  ?   ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  ! 
we ' ve tried our best to effect reconciliation between the two parties . 
"now ,  estimating odds ,  as difficult as it may seem ,  is a piece of cake"
"maintain complete knowledge of all beverage selections ,  correct glassware and garnishes in the restaurant . "
"the phase transitionis accompanied by an obvious decrease of the hydrogen bond strength .  the umelting”of thechains occurs owing to the tg defects near the terminal groups and gtg + gtg '  , as well asgg defects at higher temperature , it is found that the frequencies of an in - phase and an out - of - phase streching of c - c bonds are sensitive to the phase transition of the“chain melting” . "
it just means that this particular project – whether it’s a blog or an ebook or a newsletter or a novel or a poetry collection – is the one that’s going to win out if you’re short on time and energy . 
"you werea television weatherwoman in dubuque ,  montana . "
there are luminous knobs on all the doors in my house . 
"the acquisition echoes brazilian meatpacker jbs’s successful 2009 purchase of pilgrim’s pride ,  a us poultry processor ,  says gary karp of technomic ,  a food industry consultancy . "
"in conclusion ,  tang said that the proposals jiang brought up at the meeting would definitely help to promote the healthy development of apec . "
he´s been at it for a while now . 
"commentators have criticized formal rulemaking as a costly ,  cumbersome process that contributes little to the quality of decision . "
the above table shows the tourism generated the direct economic impact . 
" "" the guy from those god - awful campaign commercials ?  "" "
"grab all the weed you can grab ,  and we are outta here ! "
this is based on an f .  scott fitzgerald short story . 
"i recently wrote my 2010 annual letter ,  which will be posted this week .  in this year’s letter i talk about the importance of innovation for solving some of the world’s biggest problems . "
what if this is all there is to our life ? 
"haley starshine :  you want to pull the strings ,  you got to pay the piper ! "
"i think you ' ll agree that the difficulty is mainly due to the use of multiple negatives –  "" shall not ""  ,   "" unless ""  and ""  does not  ""  .  it ' s more of a brain teaser than a practical piece of communication .  unfortunately most of us don ' t have the time or inclination to work out brain teasers . "
he pointed it out that intellectual should intervene into the actuality actively so that he proposed two modes  -   -  -  -  exile and amateurism . 
"for years ,  benson was a catch - and -  release attraction in bluebell lakes ,  a private fishing complex . "
"many larger states have criticized iowa ' s first place status in the presidential election process ,  noting that this relatively small midwestern state is hardly representative of the rest of the country .  but iowans remain fiercely protective of their status and norm sterzenbach says this is one topic on which both republicans and democrats in iowa agree . "
"it not only depends on your capabilities ,  but your attitude for work . "
"today season ,  stylist develops transcendental imagination ,  produce the effect of lantern sleeve to acme ,  let you want to be less than ,  can not guess . "
ain ' t got nothin '  to do with you . 
percoll discontinue density gradient centrifugation and differentiation of the velocity of cells sticking to the wall in vitro were used to isolate and purify spermatogonia respectively ; 
but you should really be thanking samantha . 
"with rhythm ,  the arithmetic teacher put the artist ' s artificial articles on the vehicle . "
her mom said she has a journal . 
"fine ,  click on the google ' news '  tab and you will be directed to a page of links where the word assiduous appears in news stories . "
"the bet is :  i win ,  and you cook dinner for the entire family . "
"i have a deal to thank you for , "
" "" the third law states that ,  as a system approaches absolute zero ,  further extraction of energy becomes more and more difficult ,  eventually becoming theoretically impossible .  "" "
"i ' m sorry ,  i ' m sorry ,  art center  -  -  art center is good ,  too . "
go and get a glass of water . 
" -  the one that says ,   "" school ahead ,  go slow ""  that ' s what i did . "
"every time you ever hear me on the television or somewhere , "
i deserve an oscar for that performance . 
"a device for converting electromagnetic radiation in the infra - red ,  visible and  /  or ultra - violet regions of the spectrum into an electric current . "
changes in wind currents can then affect weather around the world . 
so people that society once considered to be disabled
"and ,  you know ,  you understand life as it now exists through evolution . "
and that situation cannot be right .  we must do something about it . 
"at night ,  it began to turn cold . the chill seeped in on alcock ,  cramped at his controls ,  and the pain in brown ' s injured leg became almost unbearable . "
one more picture while i ' m stinking and thinking about the riverside church : 
"residence halls ,  all of which have computer rooms ,  also will each have a full - time ,  professional counselor to keep a close eye on late night computer addicts . "
that we got there a month or two ago off county wexford . 
"yeah ,  so now he thinks i ' m sexy ,  huh ? "
large amounts of snow fell in some american cities last month . 
"electron affinity ,  however ,  can be either negative or it can be positive . "
i didn ' t mean to doubt your training . 
bill lange :  we tend to forget about the fact that the ocean is miles deep
70 years of government fuckups all in one room . 
"so when deng xiaoping wanted to open china’s economy to trade and investment ,  the back door offered an ideal laboratory . "
"so the dogs ,  being man ' s best friend ,  rose up . "
a kind of sense of inner freedom as opposite to intense grasping and obsession . 
by this it is meant that a person can spruce up the taste of a glass of water with a wedge of lemon or lime . 
rich enough to have your own jet . 
carmakers are the largest component of america ' s dwindling manufacturing base . 
"the internet society ,  like a goldfish bowl ,  may deprive of the privacy of everyone . "
"you ' d probably want to be the bigger one ,  right . "
i need you to open the door . 
"mulled wine is a lovely drink for the winter holiday season ,  especially around christmas . "
"on the former ,  a demand for much higher capital ratios today would imperil the recovery . "
it lets lazy or biased people make what seem to be cogent arguments without understanding the whole issue . 
what the fuck you mean it ain ' t come yet ? 
"but the pentagon’s plans make all this a bit more complicated :  many of its robots will be ,  in essence ,  killing machines . "
"the swedes were the first to recognize that public official like civil servants ,  police officers ,  health inspectors or tax - collectors can make mistakes or act over - zealously in the belief that they are serving the public . "
the aforesaid analyst thinks that 40 %  was not a small number . 
"his face was coarse  -  slack from illness ,  suffering ,  and absurdity . "
"the wolf said to the lamb that if you did not appear quickly ,  the flamen would catch hold of you to give to the god . "
i insist on your taking  /  insist that you take immediate action to put this right . 
one could better have a look at the museum . 
"this article describes the structure characteristics and advantages in the design of mud scraping rake applied in mud scraper for depositing reservoir ,  some design methods of reducing weight and the calculation for dimensions and angles of scraping plate ,  especially the asymmetric structure and dimensional calculations of scraping plate . "
there are no tickets left for the circus ;  the next best thing is the zoo . 
"freight forwarders  ( 1 )  ,  the packaging of goods  ( operating permit projects involving licensed to operate )  . "
the strategies which i learned along the way are what i hope to share with you today .  here are the 4 main things i do consistently to be more productive . 
"one column of smoke with one gunshot meant an enemy troop of about100 ,  two columns with two shots meant500 . "
"and it turns out that with 60 minutes cameras rolling in the background , "
" "" an error occurred attempting to save parameters to the cluster database : "
underlying these narratives was an assumption that china ' s political system was stable . 
"the middle movement ,  called intermezzo ,  is an andante grazioso with light staccatos and melodic grace ,  not a brooding or even sentimental nocturne . "
"something takes my spirit away ,  which let me down . "
"meanwhile we give the necessary and su ?  cient condition for existence of best approx -  imation operator on the linear manifold in arbitary banach space ,  and obtain a representive of the corresponding best approximation operator by the normalized duality mapping . "
"valentine’s day is almost here :  a time of year when some of us enjoy the company with a loved one ,  while others feel desperate being alone .  but to think about the meaning of love is one thing that brings all of us together . "
i hope we meet in new york next time . 
"with the development and abroad application of the gps technology ,  rapid precision position is higher required . "
"stp - airways began to be set up after the closure of air sao tome ,  which followed the its only aircraft crashing into the sea killing its four passengers . "
he was sitting at his desk when i went in . 
both handle and bolt are automatically deadlocked against turning . 
"mama ,  papa forgive me out of sight ,  out of mind out of time to decide do we run ? "
"please see to it that each carton is properly sealed ,  with a fireproof lining inside . "
do we have to be all cloak  -  and  -  dagger about it ? 
"2 .  generally ,  the job burnout level of it employees in shanghai municipal revealed not too much serious .  however ,  these type of employees are showed to be relatively higher both on the sense of achievement and on the serious level of emotional exhaustion and cynicism with comparison of employees working in state owned enterprises ( soe )  . "
he likes to house everything up — even his bike . 
"no matter three meals a day or guest ' s arrival ,  always bowls with chopsticks ,  food with soup . "
i ' ve also made a few conquests in your absence . 
" ?  are alive ,  we remain are caught up together with them in the clouds meet the lord in the air"
the dominant influence in her life was her father . 
pandya says another boatload of migrants will leave benghazi for misrata next week . 
the taxpayer would get the same terms as the private investor . 
but its nicety will be influenced if the influencing factors can ' t be hold by rule and line . 
that was the last i saw of any of them . 
"fresh salmon doesn ' t come in before february ,  does it ? "
"others took to social media ,  facetiously thanking apple ceo tim cook for the  ' flexible display '  on their new gadget . "
"the task at hand center on using the technology for beneficial purposes ,  while at the same time preventing intrusions of privacy and use of the electronic highway for deceitful purposes . "
"based on analysis on vertical seal mechanism after fault motionless ,  this paper studies main controlling factors of vertical seal .  it illustrates that fault plane pressure ,  mud content in fracturing belt and cementation by sio _ 2 and caco _ 3 precipitation area main controlling factors affecting vertical seal of faults . "
"and so we ' ll lose a little time .  big deal .  it doesn ' t make any difference .  "" "
"the security software developer generated the list from millions of actual stolen passwords ,  posted online byhackers . "
"ludo ,  it ' s a matter of life and death ! "
you can use them to make quails .  .  .  in rose petal sauce . 
increase rate of depreciation of the dollar to dollar  -  denominated price of the product will be . 
"to make the story short ,  here is the coverage of the country . "
i settled on working in the country of new zealand
"please excuse me ,  could you introduce yourself exactly ? "
then the chechens request assistance and we send in peacekeepers . 
"all right ,  we ' il play it your way . "
"because for me ,  to join the b to the e , "
has mama forgiven you yet for picking out my trousseau ? 
"if you want your ear pierced ,  i ' il do it . "
"maputo ,  mozambique ,  24 july–sweden is supporting wide - scale production of biodiesel in mozambique ,  a project which aims to reduce the african country ' s fuel bill and which may even lead to export revenue ,  officials have said . "
some statistics say 85 percent or more of funding for small businesses
97 percent of all the scheduled repayments came back to us on time . 
the impact of the kilning temperature on malt quality and beer flavor was studied . 
he was trained as a doctor but devoted his life to letters . 
she runs for it through the trampled weeds .  .  . 
we can re - imagine adversity as something more than just tough times . 
"but here ,  peter colt .  .  .  who hasn ' t beaten a top - 10 player in the past two years ,  remember .  .  .  is at 5 - 4 ,  three points from winning the match . "
"taking a boom with box section as an example ,  this paper introduces some accessorial methods that are different to the routine welding technique . "
"until a few months ago ,  father kinalegu had little reason to hope that the rebels and their bloodthirsty leader ,  joseph kony ,  would ever be stopped . "
a iot of military statues in cleveland . 
"i think i ' il just take a piña colada ,  please . "
jesus didn ' t die from being nailed to a cross . 
take a look at the first page of this new chapter ;  it ' s a beautiful one . 
"and it is the things that transform in our lives , "
i find my experience from 20 years of africa is that
"but there ' s a lot of other galaxies ,  and some are nearby , "
"they don ' t believe israel is ready to make concessions ,  like freezing west bank settlement ,  said hadi abdul mahdi of east jerusalem ' s passia research institute . "
"this boom  - and -  bust cycle repeated itself three more times over the next decade ,  and very nearly a fourth . "
"1 . as a child ,  the little boy verypoorfamily ,  food ,  rice is often not enough to eat ,  his mother took the bowl of rice to the children to eat . "
"mick pearce ,  a zimbabwean architect living in melbourne ,  has been inspired by the humble termite . "
"at my school  -  -  actually i was part of co - founding an organization , "
my car ' s at the shop—the son of a gun broke down again . 
"that people who can spread ideas ,  regardless of what those ideas are ,  win . "
masa ' s standing in line to buy one of the first idopes . 
several polls suggest that amr moussa and abdel moneim aboul fotouh are closely leading the presidential race . 
"when apple tried to put this kind of advertisement in other countries ,  what we would say “in overseas markets”  -  overseas  ( overseas )  means in another country ,  usually across the ocean from the united states ,  but generally any other country ,  markets are just different places where people buy things ,  in this case ,  different countries  -  well ,  when mac tried to put these ads in overseas markets ,  many people didn ' t like them . "
"i think i ' d kind of like to live my whole life in the cave .  "" "
it is my experiencethat senators .  .  .  focus only on pleasing those who fund their campaigns .  .  .  and they ' re in no means scared of forgetting the niceties of democracy .  .  . 
rowling had turned down so he could spell his name for me . 
no postoperative complications and death occurred in the 38 patients . 
"you know you smell like weed ,  right ? "
"all these years of troll chasing ,  trying to keep him from ever meeting a girl . "
"no matter what recession hits them next time .  if you can cook , "
"for oftentimes it had caught him :  and he was kept bound with chains and in fetters ;  and he brake the bands ,  and was driven of the devil into the wilderness . "
the use of the word boo for jeering doesn’t seem to have come about until the 19th century . 
don ' t play the psycho act with me  -  hold on
"in the past two weeks we have looked at the happiness formula defined by positive psychologist martin seligman ,  where h  ( happiness )   =  s  ( your biological set point for feeling happy )   +  c  ( the conditions of your life )   +  v  ( the voluntary choices you make )  .  next ,  we ' ll look at the conditions in life that can improve our happiness quotient . "
it was a way that parents could figure out
in his last post he was known as a clock watcher . 
from that day the two men were drawn closer together . 
"participants twenty - one patients  ( 36 eyes )  with big cupped disc  ( c /  d≥0 . 7 )  and twenty - seven patients  ( 31 eyes )  with early glaucoma  ( c / d≥0 . 7 ,  md≤3db )  were studied . "
screenwriter and producer of sex drive . 
"into many ,  though not all ,  of the countries of the bottom billion . "
"coming through the sky like a satellite ,  like a radio wave ,  a meteorite . "
be there any seat leave on the express bus for sacramento ? 
"on august 29th boeing’s board approved the launch of an upgraded version of its best - selling 737 single - aisle model ,  to be called the 737 max . "
the ayatollah appeared to rebuff an attempt by mr .  ahmedinejad to kiss his hand . 
"saying ,   "" all those people in the stands ,  they have too much time on their hands .  "" "
a blood  -  red sun rose over the silhouettes of distant hills . 
"cows ,  like huma ,  produce i ulin - like growth factor in re o e to growth hormones and release it into the blood ,  and the protein makes its way into their milk . "
"net  -  a gis mapping source code ,  the development environment is c . "
"wood says don ' t wait until you ' re in the hot seat to start focusing on your body language .  be aware of your posture ,  your facial expressions and your gestures from the moment you arrive . "
we will not allow ourselves to be trampled upon . 
and regenerating activated carbon particles and demanding conditions after the adsorption ability . 
"and this is a new type of influenza virus ,  just an inter  -  racial and health . "
i hate the new generation of coolness out there . 
"in the 70s of 20th century ,  air guitar playing had become pop all over the world . "
"they had telephone lines ,  so it ' s very easy to bring in a new idea ,  like the internet . "
"they may have some last - minute cancellations ,  but that ' s gonna cost you  $ 2 , 000 . "
"do you provide analytic depth ,  intuitive insight ,  or a rational outlook ? "
"oh ,  by the way ,  the ones that are the same color are contiguous . "
"to stick on our banner than  "" tooth fairy ""  or  "" teapot agnostic .  "" "
"now i can advise other young men about women ,  because i ' ve been there . "
the most exciting summer of my life was spent in a beaten  - up chevrolet impala . 
"when this occurs ,  our training needs a jump  -  start . "
"he ' s not exactly going to be relevant ,  but he ' il be present . "
"she could improvise right next to saxophonists like charlie parker ,  coleman hawkins or lester young ,  then turn around and perform a classic american ballad while infusing it with her natural swing . "
you ' re a part owner here my friend . 
"tests show that a combustion assisting gas mixture of 20 %  o _ 2 and 80 %  co _ 2 is not only more favourable for desulfurization than air , but in addition helps to diminish the emission of no _ x and is thus helpful for simultaneously getting the three pollutants i . e . co _ 2 , so _ 2 and no _ x , under control . "
"we could do that now ,  you know . "
"the situation is made worse by economic downturns in the united states and europe ,  the main buyers of asian goods .  most exports from the region are doing badly  -  be it garments ,  toys or computers . "
she managed to snatch the gun from his hand . 
annie goes upstairs while sam and jonah have been downstairs . 
this results in an increasing concentration of insecticide in organisms at the higher trophic levels . 
"what and what these to do ,  mamma ? "
the director general of the bbc george entwistle has rejected suggestions that a television report into allegations of extensive sexual abuse by one of its former stars was suppressed by senior management . 
we need to dissect network structure a little bit first  -  - 
the smp multi  -  processors system building by risc microprocessors is one of the methods of high  -  performance computer . 
"the chief prosecutor of the international criminal court ,  luis moreno ocampo ,  says he ' s seeking arrest warrants for two rebel commanders in the democratic republic of congo who are accused of war crimes . "
"filled thus far ,  plug is still buoyant and will float wherever the current carries it . "
he is able to discriminate good book from bad . 
"home to sinan ' s masterpiece ,  the selimiye mosque ,  as well as stunning examples of ottoman architecture ,  it remains well off the beaten track . "
all across the developing world there are millions of parents  -  - 
868 .  why don ' t you put an advertisement in the paper to sell your car ? 
"because ,  after all ,  in that framework ,  between page one and 300 , "
"when adding an interior shower ,  it is necessary to have a shower sump so you don ' t fill up your dry bilge with slimy water every time you bathe . "
"the worries covered with dust ,  was cut with scars of grief by the nocturne . "
"now ,  you know when you learn a new word , "
"goes off during the day and does normal pigeon stuff .  comes back , "
it was like having mandarin relatives come and visit for a month
fifty square meters per family of less than five . 
"when something is extinct ,  you can ' t have it as your parent . "
"we will discuss how to support the transitions in yemen and myanmar ,  and how to consolidate stability following recent elections in mali . "
your quotation of sewing machines is too high to be acceptable . 
is going to drive growth even more than ever before . 
"as more companies implement data security measures ,  audits will likely bring to light older ,  overlooked breaches from the past . "
"i remember on one occasion i received feedback that caused me to jump out of the boat ,  swim to the bank and say i would never row with that person again . "
we can use the additive property of the integral . 
"the shear controlled orientation technology  ( scot )  can eliminate welding line ,  inherent stress and gap ect .  of moulder ,  and also can improve its appearance and quality . "
her exam results were disappointing but she tried to put a brave face on it . 
why can ' t you be this guy all the time ? 
"they might say ,   "" i ' ve got a bit of nectar .  do you want to come and get it ?  "" "
"though the right of parents to homeschool their children isn ' t officially enshrined in law ,  homeschooling is no longer seen as a shocking phenomenon in china .  cases such as that of prominent chinese writer zheng yuanjie ,  who took his son out of school to educate him at home a couple of years ago ,  have helped boost its appeal among the public and the media . "
they only make 1 1 of them a year . 
"in fact ,  crude began its most recent backwardation in august 2007 at around  $ 75  /  barrel and increased dramatically over the next nine months to  $ 133  /  barrel at contango levels . "
"despite the troubles ,  the conservative party  ( vmro - dpmne )  of the pro - western prime minister nikola gruevski is expected to win the ballot . "
"what can i do for you ,  billy ? "
the alley is a little on the narrow side . 
"you ' ve compromised our future ,  and there ' s nothing we can do about it .  "" "
by choosing hydroxyethyl cellulose and inorganic dispersant the kind of eps with average granulate size of 0 . 833 to 3 . 327 mm and concentrative size distribution was prepared .  the process conditions was that reaction temperture was  ( 90±1 ) ℃ and agitation speed was 440 r / min . 
was your sword swifter than theirs combined ? 
"under the condition of constant temperature ,  ginger essential oil was used as an anti oxidant to concentrated fish oil . "
"and of course ,  i wanted to know whether i was doing that . "
"a reactive measure taken by companies esp .  in hard times ,  in order to save money by eliminating waste or unnecessary spending . "
and the entire stage becomes the main character .  it becomes his legacy . 
i ' m helping him sue the human race . 
"mrs lusi was unaware of it until 2002 ,  when a sobbing young woman came to her office . "
cities are impetus of social development and outcome of economic progress . 
and the thing that the ordinary afghan is most concerned with is  -  - 
"for example ,  they were not upset with someone who tried to poison another person with mushrooms ,  but the mushrooms turned out to be benign . "
this is a little bangladeshi girl from the east end of london
"in july ,  the mozambican government officially granted coal mining rights for moatize to cvrd with estimated reserves of 2 . 5 billion tons ,  for 25 years . "
i may look in at the party on my way home . 
"to understand the high -  level business value of metadata integration ,  let ' s begin by taking a bird ' s eye view . "
but the gates at la guardia alone can bail us out . 
"the claim that “anna is india ,  india is anna” sounds closeto cult - speak . "
the failure models of gold  -  silicon alloy bonding are discussed and some solving ways are proposed . 
did he have the nerve to go back on his word ? 
i texted you that i wanted you to drink the coffee and study . 
"the categorization of the usages of the simple present tense mainly rests on their relation with time , but the "" objective phenomenon ""  is only loosely grouped as fact , inconsistent with the tense - time categorization . "
"i am not sure that in the end they want any of us to win ,  or any of us to be successful . "
"in a gothic cathedral ,  this kind of music is perfect . "
"until recently ,  though ,  mr daniels had resisted calls to make indiana what is known as a “right - to - work”  ( rtw )  state . "
"so ,  the bookmakers give ac milan a goal start to even up the two teams . "
the reactor be for gas solid heterogeneous catalytic reaction or non  -  catalytic reaction and drying solid powder . 
the sinking motion on the western side of subtropical anticyclone is favourable to the increase of the warm dry lid . 
"the study suggests that the ec can be usedas a new climatic proxy for pa1eoc1imate studies of loess ,  particularlyin revealing short - term climate changes .  the range of ec abundance is 0 .  1‰ - 0 .  75‰ ,  with average of 0 .  26‰ .  there are 4 peaks greater than 0 .  5‰ at 11 .  97ka ,  19 .  95ka ,  27 .  41ka and"
some of the bits of the conversation that we started with . 
"we know that they have to latch onto a specific part , "
the application of check valve and pilot - operated check valve to makeup circuit can effectively reduce the impact and vibration in the system and avoid accumulative synchronous error . 
"“fairy tales can never be completely separated from their darker origins , ” film critic scott meslow wrote for the atlantic . "
"the gods ,  they say ,  give breath ,  and they take it away . "
"huang feiyi ,  one of xu ' s classmates who worked in an international consultancy company ,  said he found the company ' s dress code old - fashioned and  "" boring ""  . "
"mr assad repeated his assertion that the opposition in syria was being led by what he called  "" foreign terrorists ""  organized by al - qaeda . "
john will help her friends in any way he can .  he has a heart of gold . 
"in fact ,  if you ' ve seen the carousel of progress at disney world , "
but i will see what i can do . 
gassendi tried to measure the speed of sound by clocking the time that elapsed between the flash and the gunshot . 
david was trying to make peace with his boss . 
for the beautiful girl to use makeup would to gild the lily . 
zoom into it and see where it was taken . 
"i think more than anyone else because i ' m a bookseller .   [ it ' s ]  a challenging ,  independent business in which the odds are against you to succeed . "
"miss velasquez ,  from austin ,  texas ,  was born without adipose tissue  -  meaning she has no body fat and ,  despite eating up to 60 small meals a day ,  remains at a delicate 4 . 4stone  ( 58lbs )  . "
"to man time is given like a piece of land ,  as it were ,  entrusted to him for faithful tilling ; a space in which to strive incessantly , achieve self - realization ,  move onward and upward . "
recommend salary increase and job status changes based on their performance . 
"making your way gloomily to the airport after an action - packed holiday ,  it is easy to feel the days have flown by all too quickly . "
"large scale donations from alumni ,  businesses and organizations are already common in many other countries .  over half of american universities rely on donated inheritances ,  stocks ,  properties or cash ,  just to stay open .  consequently ,  many campus buildings ,  or even universities themselves are named after a high profile donor .  harvard university was named after john harvard ,  a puritan minister who left his books and half of his estate to the college . "
i ' ve not time to go into more of it . 
and so i want to do a little demo for you . 
from this point i will not negotiate . 
"he might be an old man ,  but he ' s still got the juice of life . "
the officers who led the carnation revolution accused the current  government of stripping away many of the entitlements that return to democracy have brought . 
"look ,  counsel ,  we all know you better than this . "
maybe you ought to take another look at your family history . 
"in order to carry out energy projects in angola a company was set up that brings together not only edp ,  but also sonangol ,  banco privado atl ântico ( bpa )  and finicapital . "
"so if i want the music to get to a certain level of intensity , "
"be loyal to your career ,  your interests and yourself . "
"unfortunately we operate as the agent of a co .  , ltd .  , and cannot make use of your proposal . "
i wondered how long you ' d stand him . 
i fell that i am competent to meet the requirements which you have specified . 
"by contrast ,  boys in the same situation show no such increase in activity in these areas . "
are you absolutely positive that it was after midnight ? 
"futhermore ,  the very progress of science leads to an ever - increasing specialization ,  with the result that a man ' s respectability becomes dependent on his being a specialist . "
"ok , so we know jenny didn ' t like tight spaces or the elevator . "
we laughed at the sight of his strange clothes . 
runners that exercise in a cool climate can often run longer and go farther than those who work out in the heat . 
" "" you will miss snowmen with carrot noses !  ""  cries mouse . "
"this is ,  on the left there ,  the joyful lady is pat irwin , "
this is gonna be tougher than i thought . 
it determines the radius of protection of the air terminal and must be tested and certified by official and therefore independent laboratories . 
"legal proceedings were started ,  although no publicity was given to them . "
i ' m not certified on the new trains . 
"when you feel pressure to live up to someone else ' s expectations ,  stop and consider whether or not their expectations are in harmony with yours ,  if not ,  do what’s best for you . "
 ' they came for me and they killed her instead . 
"push the back of the cart hard ,  or it ' ll slip back on this steep hill . "
we ' re gonnahave a drink at the bar . 
i also sincerely hope that every pair of lovers in the world can get married like irish people and love and protect each other whole - heartedly by committing themselves to a 100 - year marriage . 
so you don ' t know about the side effects ? 
"he went ,   "" dad ,  this has been the best day"
"and if i was a billionaire ,  i would get one . "
"mark - up a few sentences from an article selecting subject ,  auxiliary verb ,  main verb ,  adjective ,  etc . "
other names for belladonna include devil ' s herb and deadly nightshade . 
"it ' s important that if people do go to africa and do try to help , "
this isn ' t a time for ignoring them again . 
he made a pact with the bug to render roku san defenseless . 
you beat the shit out of me for years ! 
by early evening tehrir square was packed full of a noisy crowd . 
"in this part ,  i will introduce some kings in english history and their reformations . "
"as fraser says to idris ,   "" tell my girlfriend i love her .  "" "
they were willing to grant the children the same freedom that they demanded for themselves . 
"and ,  before i go ,  i want to tell you a little story . "
and she sang the song like we ' d been doing it for years . 
it seems to have been a singularly ineffective policy so far . 
and it will remain true after death . 
oh yes them are !  see the giddy biddy wings ! 
"they say it could have been used to predict both the correct magnitude of the quake and the size of the resultant tsunami in just three to four minutes ,  faster than traditional methods . "
"since my injury , i can ' t make new memories . "
"it was found that the postive rates of hbsag and hbv - dna of razors , belts ,  moustache brushes were 13 .  0 %  , 17 .  8 %  respectively . "
i do hope nothing ' s happened to him . 
because he loves you and does everything he ' s told ? 
"if we get all of the fish of a coral reef together and weigh them , "
"but there ' s another source of information ,  and that ' s effectively prior knowledge . "
you must marry someone who speaks a different language . 
"charleston ,  south carolina—a couple says their dog sniffed out a baby abuser in their home ,  the woman who was supposed to be caring for their seven - month - old son . "
"ln physics ,  if you haven ' t done it by 35 ,  chances are you never will . "
eod pulled a nine on this haji in a car . 
he had intrigued with his brother against the king . 
"already ,  huge government debt issuance is raising questions about long  -  term u . s .  fiscal stability . "
you want to know what i did ? 
"the only thing moving is the termites and cockroaches ,  and my commission .  .  . "
"he knew ,  almost without looking at it ,  what ring it was . "
"the book also has a peculiar and fascinating afterword by kerr himself ,  which provides some insight into what drove him to his solution . "
maek asked me to give this to you
"this requires continuous experience and training ,  which is naturally a lengthy process . "
"alexander ' s obsession with the mythological achilles pleases his mother ,  queen olympias . "
but it was hard to do that when i was born with spina bifida
"from the beginning of human history ,  wild animals provided food ,  clothing and sometimes medicine . "
discontent in the party will lead to further defections . 
"in this case ,  a benchmark is generally required to produce an accurate sizing for your custom application . "
"if she doesn ' t measure up to the job ,  she ' ll just have to leave . "
"alimony should be in the dictionary for fat ,  lazy ,  good for nothing ,  lump on the couch ,  eaten ho hoes and watching cooking shows . "
"how about a good - nightkiss for your big buddy ,  sid ? "
yang talks about search monkey and boss and how it is changing the search experience by bringing in third party apps and they opening up search as a web service . 
"instead of  "" sucking up all the air on the proverbial elevator by talking about yourself ,  ""  he says ,  practice piquing the other person ' s curiosity so that he or she wants to learn more .   "" you won ' t close the deal ,  or get the job ,  in an elevator ,  or even in one interview if it ' s a senior role ,  ""  he says .   "" so your goal should be to earn the other person ' s interest -  -  and another meeting .  "" "
"this man is angry because somebody threw onions all over the staircase , "
"but as long as everybody ' s happy at home ,  then i just -  i feel so much better . "
there are some things that you can only understand when they happen to you . 
"it ' s about when do you have to reach there ?  "" "
when they were able to make stuff in the game they had a tremendous amount
several million of people have lived near or below the breadline for almost two decades . 
the loss of jobs is regarded by some as a necessary evil in the fight against inflation . 
that have changed the world to get it to where we are today . 
someone sure caused you some trou ble . 
she says the findings are conservative and may even underestimate the problem . 
"river dries out pretty quickly beyond there ,  doesn ' t it ? "
this  -  -  i on purpose  -  -  they go through life stages . 
"for example ,  have you ever considered that there are listening positions , "
"with its current installed capacity ,  the soyo river port is capable of receiving five long haul ships per day ( from europe ,  america ,  asia and other african countries )  ,  an annually processes 7 . 6 million tons of imported and exported goods"
"close to tibet south road ,  come in and go out convenient ,  various kinds of life facility pieces of area may satisfied in old the west . "
they only know how to kneel or crawl
"the product produced there ,  also according to the camargo corr êa director ,  will be exported and“milling and other industrial processes will be carried out closer to the customer . ”"
the nature of the nutritional requirements for obligate parasites in nature is unknown . 
it matches because the kid is the killer . 
"and that ' s a very large sample of americans ,  like 600 , 000 , "
"cruise also got hitched to united artists ,  becoming mgm ' s new head honcho along with producing partner paula wagner . "
"in 2007 the group plans to increase steel production to 23 . 27 million tons against 21 . 74 million in 2006 and estimates that its annual production capacity will reach 30 million tons by 2010 ,  thus making it one of the three largest steel producers in the world . "
for sure it will be in a very logical place . 
make it look like we are holing up . 
"some in congress want to increase funding to democracy groups in venezuela , "
"we realize that people fighting with the cops is strengthening the government ' s argument ,  we tried to stop them this morning and we don ' t support it . "
"if you surround yourself with beauty today ,  you will give your heart a lovely boost . "
"no ,  because a widely shared design practice doesn ' t necessarily give you a unity of culture  -  - "
"having survived an embarrassing childhood ,  i was more than pleased to make my way into the wonderful world of adulthood — meaning college . "
random walk is one of the simplest and the most important random processes in special case . 
which is :  is it really true that humans will always despoil commons ? 
on occasion the database administrator may wish the clients to use a different database server . 
"the average amount of investableassets of this mass affluent group was 1 . 33 million yuan ,  and theirshare in the overall private assets rose from 15 . 5 percent in 2010to 16 . 4 percent in 2012 ,  the report said。"
when did you get so fucking scared ? 
the biggest problem with the titanic wasn ' t that the captain was expecting a safe journey when he set sail . 
"neural networks have been applied in various domain including science ,  commerce ,  medicine ,  and industry . "
but answers to questions much more critical to its survival . 
"you know ,  they do have modern medication for that sort of thing . "
"the creative tenclencies of yuan haowen ' s ci are : the extensive tendency of subjects , the low－ spirited tendency of emotion , the vehement , elegant ,  decadent , and leisurely tenden cies of style , and the profound tendency of aesthetics . "
she used theminiaturetape recorder for a graduate - school course she was taking . 
"“the price of the iphone 5c is much higher than expected with only about a  $ 100 gap with the iphone 5s , ” said suh won - seok ,  an analyst at korea investment  &  securities . "
"finalizing it ' s 9th and final season ,  the cast and crew of elr has had a very successful run ,  and it makes it even harder for them all to say good - bye . "
so you put four on this one to make it light up
i ' d give anything never to have met him . 
"yeah ,  i hope i marry an indian boy like him ,  too . "
"i wanna be your friend ,  all right ? "
"furthermore ,  it controls whether we will primarily optimistic or primarily pessimistic . "
"these happen to go down to a vast south pacific gyre , "
because every roof which you see in this picture
"as one of the forefront research fields in sensor technology ,  fiber bragg grating  ( fbg )  sensor has been developed rapidly in recent years . "
"of whom is hymenaeus and alexander ;  whom i have delivered unto satan ,  that they may learn not to blaspheme . "
"could you do that again in english ,  please ? "
"my father would have envisioned for me , "
"if you know you always need to load data from an association ,  you should always use join fetching . "
i heard a great cry go up from one of the trainees . 
my parents are out of town for the weekend . 
"the gentle curvature of the wc and bidet ,  both of which are wall - mounted ,  also reflect this design . "
"but come on , if there was no sixth man , then who took all the money ? "
"an object ,  once in motion ,  will keep on moving because of its inertia . "
"this is a meeting ,  you will probably nod off a little . "
"at present ,  the platform mainly targets university graduates and will train over 700 students this year to participate in this software development plan . "
"when the titanic went down ,  there were lifeboats . "
" "" i don’t see people here terribly disturbed by the unemployment rate .  there are opportunities for simple jobs ,  low - paying jobs , ” said rudjak . "
or businesses in the rest of the world opening offices in china  -  - 
"here is our latest price list ,  and all the prices listed here are subject to our final confirmation . "
"did not pose a threat to its neighbors ,  let alone to us . "
as the following graph shows .  3 to achieve the best graphics object file storage . 
"and let me remind you ,  not at the table . "
james '  name came up as a possible candidate . 
but almost nothing is known about how bilingual babies do this for two languages . 
"i guess you ' re in the clear ,  mr .  niles . "
"the 12 candidates - six obese and six slim - had identical educational cvs ,  but those who were overweight were judged more poorly by volunteer student who took part in the study . "
"the principle governing foreign trade is "" clients first ,  reputation premier ""  . "
"i ’d suspect that ' s a while away ,  and so some standards come into play ,  but certainly getting data in and out is absolutely critical . "
i like the shape of your bone very much . 
there barely was a marriage gap in 1960 :  only four percentage points separated the wedded ways of college and high -  school graduates  ( 76 %  versus 72 %  )  . 
"eventually ,  i found out the problems and made my fire balloon fly first and successfully . "
you ' re analog players in a digital world . 
"no one can absolve him from his sins ,  for his forbidden love is firm and strong . "
"the youngest ,  bradley ,  22 ,  has a year to go at the university of vermont . "
"mr .  lewis ,  who has worked for the bank for 40 years ,  replied :  “unfortunately ,  because of my pledges ,  i actually did give away more than i make . "
mr martin feels he needs to “over - communicate” to reassure staff who have seen big redundancies in recent months . 
"now ,  hawkins ,  you do me justice with the cap ' n . "
"the researchers point out that lack of exercise is now a leading cause of death and a third of people across the world do not meet the minimum activity recommendations ,  which is generally about 2 . 5 hours of moderate activity per week . "
"after a few seconds of driving slowly around ,  the driver ' s foot seems to slip on the accelerator and he goes hurtling into the bottom of a huge stack of shelves . "
"jackie :  so you can say ,  ‘i just wanted to introduce myself…’ or i like to introduce myself…’ followed by your name and in business contexts ,  often what you do . "
"but if you must steal ,  then steal away my sorrows . "
"in 2006 there were 25 , 880 marriages in the march quarter and 41 , 150 in the december quarter .  this rose to 27 ,  610 and 44 , 015 respectively for the same three - month periods in 2008 . "
and let me thank you again for welcoming us to beijing today to this economic and financial dialogue . 
an honest judge cannot be servile to public opinion . 
"32 cases of group b ( treatment group )  were the same medication as group a at the first 7 days , then iraconazole 200 mg p .  c bid at the first 2 days after menses for 6 months . "
"as an alternative to roi measure ,  organizations adopt the residual income concept . "
any production problem  ( no solution online )  should report to pe for resolving . 
boeing offered a version of its airplane for the new tankers . 
"earth ,  the surface of the world as distinct from the sky or sea . "
" "" if all you know about computers is how to save text files ,  then this is the book for you ,  ""  the site says . "
 ' often it ' s not particularly dignified .  .  .  or newsworthy but it ' s always there . 
i can ' t concentrate on my work when i ' m tired . 
"or a triangle ,  or a trapezoid  -  -  and then they try and make"
"one of the best ways you can hack your weekend is to actually get out of town during it .  that way you ' re not distracted by what you ' re normally surrounded by ,  but can be in an environment that will allow you to better enjoy the weekend . "
and now we ' re seeing as the skin and the body is differentiated . 
i think this is a reasonable sequence of events that happened
"chandragupta seems to have got the best of the encounter ,  but the affair ended amicably . "
"mr .  adams called her role in international affairs '  equally belligerent ,   ' saying she supported chilean dictator augusto pinochet and opposed sanctions against apartheid south africa .  and ,  in ireland ,  '  her espousal of old draconian militaristic policies prolonged the war and caused great suffering ,   ' mr .  adams said . "
emerging market shares fell far more than in developed markets . 
this paper provides a new method on the impediment to structure  -  borne sound propagation . 
"and i think that if that is true of virtual worlds , "
a of 227 patients experienced anevent and there were 80 serious non  -  hiv  -  related illnesses during this period . 
"when i talk about experience ,  i talk about disney  -  - "
"in any event if some of us set example ,  others will follow and the result should be good . "
i don ' t even know if it ' s real . 
one possible reason is that the profile of music buyers has changed . 
"there are several meanings of this word reserve ;  take a look at the learning guide for additional definitions of this word ,  as well as the word copy ,  which we mentioned earlier .  the clerk says that “when you come in”  -  when you come into the store  -  “just go to the customer service desk . ”"
that i should be trying to pass as more of an extrovert . 
so that ' s why my letters came back . 
this is the main method that i use .  this is called functional mri . 
"and john said ,   "" bet on good people doing good things . "
the polar bear comes from the arctic and likes to swim . 
and this time edmund had there also been . 
of one of our employees to kind of give you an idea
"and she asked me ,   "" why are you being so mellow ?  ""   -  - "
"that ' s why youmust be quiet . it ' s important , you must belive me . "
"separate that petroleum from the sand ,  and use an"
"the mail is going out ,  gosh ,  in two minutes ,  to england . "
we expect that the construction of the classroom buiding will be all over next month . 
you ' re gonna proceed out the east exit . 
"the accord is broadly in line with a manifesto issued by the national government and italy ' s fashion chiefs on saturday ,  and due to be signed this week . "
"i wanted to do the swim at 5 , 300 meters above sea level . "
long socks were required because bower abhorred the sight of ' raw flesh .  ' 
"and so it has become ,  though players snatch properties more in zeal than sadness . "
perino refuses to say if it would be discussed during the prime minister ' s private talks with president bush . 
"china currently has about 16 million people working in educational institutions ,  including 12 million teachers in middle and primary schools . "
"wong’s comeback injected exuberant vitality to the tepid pop concert market ,  even stirring widespread complaints among her fans for the scarcity of concert tickets . "
" ' 82 through  ' 86 ,  he ' s ada with the queens district attorney ' s office . "
the point is this concerns the whole family . 
our ultimate objective is the removal of all nuclear weapons . 
ten minutes until the ectoplasmic shit hits the fan . 
"her idea has struck a chord with chinese youths .  inspired by hayashi ,  chinese “levitation girl” cong lin ,  24 ,  posted photos of herself levitating in ditan park ,  beijing .  they became an instant hit on renren . com . "
"hit me up with an oatmeal raisin ,  will you ? "
"many turn to programs produced by the migrant assistance program  ( map )  ,  based at a radio station in chiang mai ,  thailand ,  just a few hours from the burmese border . "
"in 2011 chick - fil - a ' s sales were more than  $ 4 billion ;  mr muller - moore  ( pictured )  estimates that his were  $ 40 , 000 . "
a new study shows that johannesburg averages one tweet every 13 seconds . 
we strive to keep the integrity of the true amateur built aircraft kit . 
there ' d be no juvenile delinquency with me . 
the bestial world 1 account number is not bad binding 2 general order ? 
"yet ,  we should also avoid the second ,  equally powerful temptation ,  which is to reject aristotle out of hand ,  because his views do not correspond with our own . "
we ' ve got a bunch  -  -  i just showed some of this  -  - 
"so ,  mma ,  you will take the case ? "
"but one hundred and ninety is their final bid ,  i can not help it . "
"or was it black jack ,  the swashbuckling captain of a tour boat in mexico who ,  before he succumbed to aids ,  saw himself as jack sparrow in “pirates of the caribbean” ,  flew a pirate flag from a minaret ,  held constant orgies and liked to play the score of “apocalypse now” and louis armstrong’s “what a wonderful world” ? "
"3 .  application of wavelet transform for axletree crack detectionon the base of original technology of frequency analysis ,  wavelet transform is applied to mechanical malfunction diagnosis . "
"desperate citizens ,  hunting food or patronage as the regime crumbled ,  often had to walk a dangerous path . "
"if you look at these stripes in here ,  what we call tiger stripes , "
i took a lot of risks and was super honest about what i wanted—and what i was willing to do to get there . 
and it ' s about what people put into people . 
you should try hitting eema that hard . 
"to the untrained eye ,  leaves may not be a particularly awe  - inspiring subject ,  but as the season turns to that of  "" mists and mellow fruitfulness  ""  ,  they become a thing of beauty and wonder . "
"the 19 per cent hike is the second  -  biggest price jump in 25 years ,  according to amro . "
raoul tries to tell her there is no phantom of the opera . 
"break it off ,  put it on your finger ,  and slide into the notes . "
furthermore the computer program ism for analyzing structural reliability is developed using advanced first order second moment method and important sampling monte - carlo method . 
"you still don ' t get it ,  do you ,  jack ? "
"also ,  ppps are more relevant for international product than income comparisons such as those made for the scale .  "" "
"in answer to the question at the top of this section ,  php gives developers the flexibility of producing dynamic content in an easy  - to -  read and easy  - to -  develop manner . "
"why are you staring at me ,  sir ? "
vanillin absorbs uv light at wavelengths of 308 and 278 nnm . 
why don ' t you try noache and get rid of your aches and pains ? 
it ' s more to say that mind training matters .  that this is not just a luxury . 
"the wto is a worldwide organisation set up in 1995 ,  with 151 countries ,  which supervises agreements on rules for trade . "
the idea was that we were going to find
"like a good room design ,  thinking ahead about who you are and how you want your life to function is a good place to start . "
scenario :  many of us choose the summer to get rid of extra weight for a slimmer figure .  but working up a sweat in the sun can compromise the protection offered by sunscreen . 
a analytical method was developed for the termination of chemical reaction by chromatism . 
you ' re listening to english as a second language podcast’s english café number 60 . 
every mom has a favourite quote and a special tone toscoldor teach a lesson to theirrecalcitrantkids . 
"you have 10 hours .  by the way ,  the car has an automatic transmission  -  -  push  -  starting won ' t work . "
"you seemed to have your pick of employment ,  including here . "
"liszt is both the theme music creator ,  and its enthusiastic advocator . "
"not really scared of not sleeping ,  but what i "" m really scared of is my close friends or relatives having something wrong ,  last time i couldn ' t sleep something bad happened . "
do not ever heat a mixture of potassium perchlorate and sugar . 
"as a condensable gas ,  the water vapor permeates through membranes become more complicated than non  -  condensable gases . "
"while he was delirious with fever ,  he spoke of nothing save the state and certain kings with whom he was angry . "
my 17  -  year  -  old sister pushes back her covers and sits up . 
post -  modernist art is a product of post - modernist mentality in the development of industrial society . 
"three months from today ,  n . u . r . v will launch synapes transforming the way humans communicate , "
cakes made by mama are for mama
"results :  of the 56 cases 94 . 64 %  ( 53 / 56 )  stopped bleeding ,  85 . 70 %  ( 48 / 56 ) restored regular menses ,  37 . 50 %  ( 21 / 56 ) had normal amount of menstrual blood ,  and 57 . 14 %  ( 31 / 56 ) had less menstrual blood than before the treatment ,  only 2 cases recurred .  the main side effect was the sensation of local pain and burning . "
and so it will be quite a different shape . 
"based on the analysis of the difficulties in english teaching in vocational colleges such as limited teaching hour , over - sized class , students ' inadequate english proficiency and heavy teaching load , this paper explores the concept and cultivation of learner autonomy and summarizes the teaching reform following other ' s successful approach . "
and it ' s this reaction that we want to do . 
i told him it had a phone . 
to keep your bearings in a desert sandstorm is impossible . 
"but we can ' t abandon it now ;  we have to push forward , "
"the second deal will save the group from a writedown on its 40 per cent stake in affiliate yizheng chemical .  under mainland rules ,  lossmaking yizheng faced delisting next year ,  resulting in a writedown for sinopec of as much as  $ 1 . 7bn .  to save yizheng from delisting ,  the sinopec group parent will inject its profitable oil services group into yizheng in return for just under  $ 4bn in new shares of yizheng .  the price yizheng will pay for this new business ,  at 10 times 2014 earnings ,  looks cheap – especially for a company expecting to increase earnings by nearly one half next year . "
"this ,  concludes the guide ,  is exactly as chairman mao teaches us . "
"u . n .  envoy ibrahim gambari says he is optimistic he will be able to return to burma ,   "" way before april .  "" "
"the laser chains are nominally 15 kilowatts ,  marmo continues . "
"it’s cleaning the venetian blinds while listening to an aria ,  or spending a pleasant hour organizing your closet . "
"david dempke ,  please come to the office . "
at leasthalf will be over it in a few days .  .  . 
"does my dad know ,  you know ,  what you are ? "
i ' ll just take you to bangladesh for a minute . 
"i think we ' re breaking up with you ,  dina . "
"the list of buyers of sao tome cocoa in the period was headed by the netherlands ,  which purchased 275 tons ,  followed by portugal ,  with 232 tons and france with 149 tons . "
"any impairment in this process allows buildup of toxins ,  leading to illness . "
"anything with w ' s in it ,  we don ' t trust . "
"despite the abuse controversy ,  the pope says sydney ' s world youth day has been a success . "
"he is made of dry wood and will make a nice fire for my roast .  '   "" "
"you meet me at the car ,  okay ? "
the german chancellor angela merkel has urged greek voters to elect a new government that will stick to the country ' s austerity measures when greece goes to the polls for the second time in six weeks on sunday . 
crime went up at 8 : 30 .  i have read a reuters dispatch  -  - 
"and ,  also ,  uh ,  they ' re bringing their little grandson ,  so ,  uh ,  he ' s like a baby . "
we both agreed that our own agony levels peaked long before we ever set foot in an office . 
you should count yourself fortunate in having good health . 
"in the end anotherphysiogot out his iphone and gave directors to the bus driver via his phone .  "" "
the machines are tunneling to avoid our defense system . 
and i am a drive of deluxe taxies
"a widespread misconception is that popular people are the ones talking about their latest promotion or exciting vacation they took or wild party they attended .  hearing the occasional interesting story is fine ,  but most people become bored or resentful listening to these blow - by - blow accounts .  it ' s far more effective to take a genuine interest in the lives of others and get them talking about themselves .  and remember that no word sounds as magical as one ' s own name .  addressing people by name makes them feel special . "
in the uae have been put on hold or canceled . 
"a white tauras isn’t exactly the coolest car on the block ,  but i have driven it for 7 years with minimal maintenance costs . "
to finish :  we ' ve gotten design secrets from nature by looking at how feet are built . 
"but if you find yourself struggling to communicate effectively by email ,  these six tips should help : "
i don ' t wanna climb the wall . 
"you can go quite deep  -  -  music in any style .  and then ,  by pressing a button , "
the more or less we are able to achieve that aim : 
"his trans - subject vision ,  introspective spirit ,  marginal concept and wavering consciousness have all made it possible for his critical theory to bear the feature of chinese / western and traditional /  modernist "" intertextuality ""  . "
the united nations even has an agency which could broker these compacts ; 
and pass it on to the building or atmosphere . 
and also this is for the music . 
" "" and ,  lips ,  o you ,  the doors of breath , "
"maybe we canget this thing started ,  huh ? "
"it seems like whenever i get into a really good running groove ,  i come down with a cold that forces me to slow down my training . "
"we ' re looking at many ,  many gigabytes of digital photos here"
"the pprd ,  also known as the 9 + 2 ,  includes fujian ,  jiangxi ,  hunan ,  guangdong ,  guangxi ,  hainan ,  sichuan ,  guizhou and yunnan and the special administrative regions of hong kong and macau . "
this is her first time to try to drive a golf cart . 
"dance can reveal a lot about a person ,  the way they move ,  the way they learn new steps . "
"in the event of clinical necessity of blood use by a blood donor without compensation ,  he or she shall be exempted from the expenses prescribed in the preceding paragraph ; "
"okay ,  i think i speak for all of us when we say we wish we could go back and change history ,  but we can ' t . "
the mapping and tagging of the universe and of the world . 
foreign companies are eager to tap china – the world ' s largest mobile market – as they seek growth outside their saturated home markets . 
"and i know god "" s proud of you too . "
design and power - calculating of inclined - paddle blender for dispose oil - refined residue
they are enemies of the animal kingdom . 
"in victory ,  the military will have served its purpose . "
"for seat reservation ,  please complete the following reply slip and fax or mail to us . "
"buttinskies running around with no money ,  and why ? "
the centimeter is the fundamentalunit of length in the centimeter - gram - second system . 
"recite ,  therefore ,  as much as may be easy . "
"now the party can work with all delegates to build a new state , "
"came to see me and said ,   "" 1 , 600 of the kids that we ' ve sent out"
"instead ,  i use my morning to work on things that are important to me . "
"it ' s really simple  -  -  you sell to the people who are listening , "
"her face was slashed ,  probably with a box cutter . "
only by cutting the price by more than 10 %  can more customers be lured to your products . 
additional components should be bootstrapped only if your application has a dependency on them . 
for what i have today i have to thank the gentleman smoking cigar over there
the millennium bridge was supposed to be the pride of london  -  - 
i am .  i spent the entire afternoon with the leader of the metros in his inner sanctum . 
"speaking at a seminar on mining and steel making ,  machado also announced that the company had increased its steel needs for the next few years by 30 , 000 tons to 710 , 000 tons ,  due to the programme for modernisation and expansion of the hidrovia fleet ,  which includes construction of 20 tugs and 80 barges for rover transport between tiet êand paraná . "
"maybe we should ' vestayed at treasure island ,  huh ? "
they can open and close these pores to generate electrical activity  -  - 
"it rests on the synthetically analysis of the living beings - nature and the society - economy ,  aims at ecological restoration and reconstruction ,  and regards sustainable use of resources and landscape ecological design as the core .  construction and optimization of the paradigm should apply ecological economics theories and systematic scientific methods as well as combine the modern scientific achievements and the quintessence of traditional farming and animal husbandry technologies . "
 ?  see the champions take the field now  ? 
this is the work of dr .  roger hanlon at the marine biological lab  -  - 
i can safetly say that tonight is the biggest night of both our lives . 
you ' ve got to get me out of here . 
"welcome to the 10th annual  "" feed the hungry ""  benefit . "
"at the end of the pupal stage ,  the mosquitoes transform into adult mosquitoes and ,  after crawling to a dry place to rest and dry off ,  leave the water . "
i´m afraid you´re not meeting my man on top form . 
birdwatching is a hobby that allows you to enjoy the wonders of nature without an excessive commitment of time or money . 
"they stress the fundamentals of the economy are sound ,  and steps are being taken to ensure the current slowdown is temporary .  a stimulus package of tax rebates and small business incentives has been signed into law . "
"from sumer and babylon to the ipod and celebrity gossip , "
"but when you look at this planet at night ,  it looks like this . "
"since it launched in 2010 ,  the ipad has been the best tablet on the planet . "
we ' il win .  there ' s no doubt in my mind . 
in a little over two hours we reached the top of mt . fuji . 
"he ' s going to learn how to find space out there ,  and as he gets stronger and knows how to use his position ,  he ' ll do better at that . "
"deep in the forests of south america ' s patagonia region ,  scientists have tracked down the wild ancestor of the yeast that makes cold  -  brewing ale possible ,  according to a new study . "
i didn ' t fucking run out and tell entertainment tonight . 
"it ' s hard to explain ,  but it was like it .  .  . "
the rancher must always be on guard against the dangers that nature can create . 
"miss bee said :   "" i spoke to michelle obama ' s office and they invited me to come and see her vegetable garden and for us to cook together .   "" "
i located it on the other side of the globe always with palm trees in the background somewhere in the south . 
"he says economic systems need to be revamped and more money and attention should go toward pursuing sustainable ,  renewable energy sources . "
i feel constrained to write and complain in the strongest possible terms . 
"as part of a world tour by zte ,  which includes visits to countries such as greece ,  south africa ,  russia and france ,  the company will present services such as pay as you go and short message services ( sms )  for mobile telephones . "
the court absolved him of all responsibility for the accident . 
"computational complexity of natural language ,  largely theory ,  with the application of context  -  sensitive grammar and linearly  -  boundedturing machines . "
and not only that  -  -  he would sometimes pick a leafy twig
target locked an acquired on all war birds . 
"treatment of the inner requires treatment of the outer .  "" "
"and somebody  -  -  to remain nameless  -  -  called our laptop a  "" gadget ""  recently . "
wait till you see what i do for an encore . 
" "" we wanted to advance certain policy objectives through the disclosures ,  ""  said president bush .   "" and one would be to the north koreans to make it abundantly clear that we may know more about you than you think .  "" "
"in a culture in which group effectiveness is so prized ,  razzle -  dazzle individual performances are discouraged . "
"i think someone ' s been following me and abby ,  too . "
"than it was a few billion years ago ,  ok . "
if i threw these keys away then those doors will be closed forever
those with just one additional year of compulsory education during the phase in period gained approximately 3 . 7 iq points . 
"like the river delta ,  where i live in the netherlands , "
"you know ,  i was thinking i was gonna gut you bow to stern ,  soon as i laid eyes on you . "
a method of determining retinol acetate in edible oil was established . 
if it isn ' t humpty numpty sitting on top of a collapsing wall
"oh ,  this is gonna be so great . "
the primary view involved is :  acts of evasion will certainly cause harm to the principle of sufficient capital contribution and therefore this kind of conduct should be prohibited through going after the legal obligation of the acting shareholders as well as other people liable for that . 
"in truth ,  the only “right ” incentives are the ones you choose for yourself . "
"he ' s planning to propose this evening to his girlfriend of 40 years , "
and he was the good guy in town . 
"of your head and have your own  "" cielo in una stanza ""   -  -  a sky in a room  -  - "
just as rutherford  ( 1987 )  said :  gt was almost the synonym of flt . 
" "" when you want to give every child in america a good education ,  or make sure they are not starving , "
world leaders at the g8 summit in the united states have emphasised the need for jobs and growth in reviving the global economy and urged greece to remain in the eurozone . 
the soup was concocted from up to a dozen different kinds of fish . 
"in the first loneliness ,  we are out of touch with god and experience ourselves as anxiously looking for someone or something that can give us a sense of belonging ,  intimacy ,  and home . "
i really don ' t have a desire to go to med school . 
i ' m very sorry if i disturbed you . 
the half - lifetime of coke  -  -  how long does it last in the refrigerators ? 
"so ,  paul ,  you want 12 bags of rice ? "
how am i supposed to strike fear into hearts of the wicked with this thing ? 
there ' s problems in all walks of life . 
 ' the birds sing at the sight of you . 
"as part of its efforts to recover unpaid debts from grand china ,  shagang shipping turned to the jeju court to seize hna assets . "
your brother is talking nonsense and ruined my reputation
"by then he had been involved in a rape case in which his nephew was eventually acquitted ,  and he had felt obliged to make a humiliating public statement about his abysmal personal life . "
"i ' m serious ,  you should really read it . "
"if this notion continues to gain ground ,  politicians from beijing to berlin will feel justified in resisting moves to free up the movement of goods and services within and between their economies . "
"of the simulation of the inside of a cell , "
you ' re completely typical in not getting the examples i gave right . 
" "" i opposed this war in 2002 ,  i opposed it in 2003 ,   ' 04 ,   ' 05 ,   ' 06 and  ' 07 ,  ""  he said . "
"when you ' re at your busiest ,  a brief recess can rejuvenate your mind and increase your productivity . "
"because people have been dying for a long ,  long time . "
he would just know .  –a super soldier ?  –a jedi warrior . 
"well ,  there i rotated it by a sixth of a turn , "
"when it starts raining ,  the sensors sen d a signal to the electric drive ,  which opens the umbrella at a safe low speed .  ' "
"a cowboy ;  the cowherd in the legend "" the cowherd and the girl weaver "" "
we already have the bot halfway up . 
an iranian foreign ministry spokeswoman said such meetings would only deepen iran ' s mistrust of the west . 
it is our responsibility to put them on the right track . 
an artefact is something from a time that stays in that time like a piece of pottery and it becomes like a relic of that time . 
he dredged a bottle up that swam on the water . 
"around 1 , 000 dead ducks have been pulled from a river in southwest china ,  local officials say . "
"but at their meeting in australia ,  the commission for the conservation of antarctic marine living resources decided to defer a decision until july next year . "
we have to construct a model to evaluate the consultants ' team performance . 
there ' s nothing more exhausting than the tiresome process we have to go through every time we get to a new camp . 
just to show you the size .  this is not meant to be a threat . 
you know i ' ve never been faithful to anyone in my life . 
"food critics ,  writers and long - term foreign residents in asia ,  among others ,  voted on a list of restaurants pulled together over a six - month nomination period ,  considering cuisine ,  style ,  value and overall buzz ,  to select the top 101 . "
i ' d forgotten that not the least part of my awe
"messy people have many rationales .  some say they work too fast to stop and file things .  others say the clutter itself is an organizing system .  krista lamp says her piles ,  including client paperwork and magazines she must read ,  serve as a visual to - do list .   ' if it ' s out ,  i know i have to attend to it ,  '  says ms .  lamp ,  a san diego public - relations consultant . "
she is mad because this is her first time ever to bottle  -  feed a baby . 
the newspapers are afraid to speak out against the government . 
where his parents drove him from new york city to upstate new york
"“after selecting the places ,  we spent several days observing and reconstructing the scenes on a computer , ” says hu . "
"which is basically the height of a 16 story building , "
emergency repairs are ongoing after the problems began last week  -  leavingpenthouseowners who paid £2million plus for their flats forced to take the stairs . 
it ' s a basic truth of the human condition that everybody lies . 
now you ' re gonna find out what being a ghost is like ! 
"today a flag  -  bedecked fence cordons off the field ,  pictured at bottom on june 20 ,  2006 . "
the situation is equally bad across other big cities such as kolkata or mumbai . 
"and a lot of times that ' s what people think i do , "
"i don ' t have to go out there with bells and whistles on and say  "" i ' m revamping my image  .  "" "
"china was the 25th most popular destination for brazilians and the 32nd source of tourists to brazil ,  according to figures from the world tourism organization ( wto )  .  18 , 700 brazilian visited china in 2005 and 18 , 000 chinese travelled to brazil in the same year . "
"see ,  if you don´t betray chris ,  you victimize dominick . "
"and the reason he was ,  was that len is a cold fish . "
"“if you are experiencing disillusionment ,  well ,  join the human race” . "
we went up the steps leading to the top of the mountain . 
but greek officials were reportedly unhappy that over one billion dollars was withheld . 
" "" three randomized trials which are the gold standard of our medical evidence ,  have shown that male circumcision reduces hiv ,  genital herpes and human papillomavirus that causes penile cancer ,  ""  he said . "
"let me think all cloud ' s blue sky ,  all water ' s big sea . "
"do not  ,  for one repulse  ,  give up the purpose that you resolved to effect  .  ( william shakespeare  ,  british dramatist ) "
reading my diary is an inexcusable invasion of privacy . 
"in my experience ,  salafis ,  adherents of a very strict school of islam ,  take a dim view of such displays of femininity . "
can ' t yousell them to one of your collectors ? 
"this sounds like a bit of a catch - 22 situation ,  since you need to have confidence to be able to speak to people ,  and you need to speak to people to build confidence .  the trick is to start small ,  for example just start saying  "" hello ""  or  "" good morning ""  to one person every day . "
this is some alpha male rite of passage ? 
nobody move or i do the little big guy ! 
"there are ,  in fact ,  a lot of correlations between the two forms of music"
"don ' t go to the sea anymore today ,  ok ? "
"and now ,  we have an entire suite of tools"
"the height of curbs on pedestrian walk is not enough for urban bridges ,  so that it is easy for vehicles to pass over curbs to occur accident of dropping into river ,  when vehicle occurs accident on the deck . "
"and i just thought i should really return it before he ,  you know ,  freaks out . "
the station has been designed to operate for at least 15 years .  but it could last for decades if parts are repaired and replaced as they wear out or are damaged . 
expression thing with these cams and feedback .  and that worked pretty well . 
it ' s a pity he should fall and break his neck without anyone seeing it . 
the executives also say that dawei complies with all local regulations . 
"minutes later ,  still in rural hill country ,  miles from the nearest medical assistance ,  swanson started to lose feeling in his lips .  his tongue felt thick and heavy ; "
"as we said before ,  so say i now again ,  if any man preach any other gospel unto you than that ye have received ,  let him be accursed . "
"but then i thought ,   "" oh ,  simplicity .  what would that be like on a beach ? "
"the market share of brazil ' s largest mobile phone company ,  vivo ,  owned by portugal telecom and spain ' s telefonica ,  continued to fall ,  and in november stood at 29 . 48 percent .  the company had a 29 . 79 percent share in october and 34 . 54 percent of the market in december 2005 . "
"there ' s been more killing in the name of  "" my god .   "" "
"as all the formally condition have confirmed ,  we will draft out the official contract for ours signature . "
"combining with the location methods of intensity model and doppler velocity model ,  the accuracy of typhoon location far and near can be improved obviously . "
"it ' s this beautiful world all of its own ,  surrounded by cliffs , "
what kind of name is that anyhow ? 
"i said ,   "" i ' ll take a field trip ,  i ' ll go see what you got .  "" "
"i sit here every day hoping to get adopted ,  to find family . "
"the incentives offer is part of a two - track strategy by the five permanent u . n .  security council member countries and germany ,  the p5 plus one that has also included three u . n .  sanctions resolutions against iran . "
how did mom capture all you nibblonians ? 
i don ' t think you could exactly call her pretty . 
"so ,  mostly ,  ms .  brown complained to her husband -  -  and ,  mostly ,  he did nothing .   ' it didn ' t occur to me to contradict my mom ,  '  he says . "
"now ,  l´m notaman of faith ,  butl´m inclined to agree . "
but you don ' t know where it ' s all gonna lead . 
"in accordance with existing consensuses ,  any oral commitment or action should be made by the six parties simultaneously . "
"now ,  i want you to look at the animal ' s back . "
"the ape shoulder is good for hanging from a tree ,  but when our ancestors started walking on two legs ,  the shoulder started to change . "
"by tradition ,  they divide by 360 ,  not 365 ,  and so you understand that dealers of treasury bills tend to quote  "" discounts  .  "" "
if he ever deignsto pay us another visit . 
i don ' t have enough spare time and can ' t spend a lot of time with family and friends . 
but the truth is that the information shared online is designed to construct a certain illusion of reality . 
"a gun was too heavy and dangerous for cowboy work ,  and cowboys were rarely alone - most worked in teams of eight to ten men . "
no one likes to wait for the others .  be courteous by being on time . 
this latter study may be a few steps too far along the road to genetic determinism for some people . 
they take all the parallel incoming rays and focus it to a single spot . 
"and they ' ve found that a number of them ,  when they ' re about the age of our sun , "
non  -  touch style process ensures that the surface of the crystalline lens keeps its . 
"widest point in jiuquan city and between the qaidam basin ,  300 km . "
chip and pin is designed to combat credit card fraud . 
"james quincey at coca - cola europe says :   "" with coca - cola life ,  we have innovated to provide consumers with a new option with fewer calories .  it complements our existing brands and is well - positioned to meet changing lifestyle trends ,  providing people with a great - tasting ,  lower calorie cola sweetened from natural sources .  "" "
your newly developed product displayed at the sydney trade fair has interested us and we should be very grateful to have a price list . 
like all indian villages okhla was deserted at that time in the morning . 
"our website is eslpod . com .  go there and download a learning guide for this episode that contains all of the vocabulary ,  definitions ,  sample sentences ,  additional definitions ,  cultural notes ,  and a complete transcript of this episode . "
we should postpone his trip up north . 
i ' ve finished with gambling it ' s a waste of money . 
"calm down ,  buddy ,  give me the purse . "
"with the start of work on the new passenger terminal ,  terminal 2 ,  scheduled for next week ,  construction will become visible to users and ,  said rui veres . "
"well ,  my mom calls it  "" the estate .  "" "
"however weak the nation may be ,  it will never bend to a greater power . "
"air macau ' s shareholders are china national aviation corporation ( 51 percent ) –which is part of the holding company managed by air china–and seap–servi ços ,  administra ção e participa ções ,  which includes tap portugal and banco nacional ultramarino ( 20 percent )  ,  sociedade de turismo e divers ões de macau ( 14 percent )  and ,  5 percente each for the special administrative region of macau and air carrier taiwan eva air and a group of small private investors . "
"no matter what the shapes were ,  the growth law is the same . "
and the odds are seven to one against your finding the prince . 
"now ,  you take that ,  you fly that in between the earth and the moon . "
we would say it is something that “infects” the other person . 
"the district symbolic image has various functions and values such as district indication ,  metaphor and inheritance , tourist attraction , and so on . "
character of this paragraph of bloodcurdling lets my this each think informed person also is unable to bear or endure creepy . 
"keywords :  compulsory education ,  marketization of education ,  peer effects ,  efficiency ,  equity . "
"after a curt introduction of the software and hardware of the experiment ,  the results are given in chapter 6 . at the end of the dissertation ,  a brief summary is made and some problems to be researched further are pointed out . "
"and the big gulp ,  chicken mcnuggets ,  high fructose corn syrup , "
"while some parents have gone for the sophisticated look while dressing their little angels ,  others have just gone for the downright bizarre . "
the result shows that the accuracy is higher than visual observation . 
"u . s .  and nato airstrikes in afghanistan ,  and suspected u . s .  missile attacks in pakistan ,  are routinely blamed for killing innocent civilians .  mr .  karzai said ending strikes on civilians is essential to maintaining public support for the war . "
" "" i am a strong believer in strong personalities and strong opinions ,  ""  he said .   "" i think that is how the best decisions are made .  but understand ,  i will be setting policy as president .  i will be responsible for the vision that this team carries out and i expect them to implement that vision once decisions are made .  so as  [ former president ]  harry truman said ,  ' the buck will stop with me .  '  "" "
"the soul is something ,  as i say ,  distinct from the body . "
and your survival depends on you discovering what that reason is . 
"and at the same time ,  i ' m listening to a lot of businesses"
per  -  session storage of baseline data for each function of interest . 
a kind of fuzzy pid controller with parameter varying is created based on a crisp model proposed by takagi and sugeno . 
all that is certain is that darkness is still ahead . 
"b :  hello .  may i speak to the team manager ,  mr .  hansen ,  please ? "
"the couple ,  who had been married for 30 years ,  made their divorce public on russian state television after attending a ballet performance . "
but still it was a real footrace against the other volunteers
if you imagine just the people at the perimeter of the network . 
this  [ study ]  adds an important piece of evidence that inhaling secondhand smoke is deleterious and does things to the airway that are not good . 
"beijing ,  china ,  4 may–the chinese authorities are considering opening six more airports to charter flights from taiwan in order to meet demand from a growing number of passengers ,  the vice director of china ' s civil aviation administration ,  gao hongfeng said in beijing friday . "
"i am not sure if my wife wants me to go shopping with her on sunday .  if she decides to go with her sister instead ,  then i can play tennis with you .  let ' s just play it by ear . "
the burmese authorities have acknowledged that more than 80 people have been killed in the whole villages and parts of towns burnt down in ethnic violence between buddhists and muslims in the western state of rakhine . 
you ever see a 14 - year - old testify in court ? 
do you recall what trick you did that night ? 
the physical location of data centers plays a huge roll in response times . 
"they covet fields and seize them ,  and houses ,  and take them .  they defraud a man of his home ,  a fellowman of his inheritance . "
"dealers complained of delays in getting their reimbursements approved ,  causing a cash crunch at their dealerships . "
it is said that there are wolves in this forest . 
"he said that to achieve a reversal of temperatures ,  the combination of bioenergy and ccs would need to be combined with a huge expansion in renewable energy or nuclear power ,  in order to reduce emissions almost to zero .  he also admitted that there was a political risk that the proposal ' s ability to reverse rises at a late stage could be used as an excuse for short - term inaction on emissions . "
imperial tobacco will review the decision once it is received from the oft later today with a view to appealing it to the competition appeal tribunal . 
we test gear teeth runout with various of gear dia and axial direction runout tester . 
"but if bank policy is to make loans andinvestments equal to whatever reserves are in excess of legal requirements ,  theexpansion process will be carried on . "
"and what ,  she wasn´t charmed by that ? "
"go to the bedroom of your suite , "
just give us the bare facts of the case . 
" ""  you fucking snotty cocksucker ,  going to hawaii .   "" "
"but you could say ,   "" invest in africa in over 1 , 000 languages , "
"secondly ,  he was wearing baggy ,  grungy clothes unlike the suits the rest of the deceased were wearing . "
"i looked .  hayden was sitting on the stage with his right foot stuck high in the air ,  his naked big toe wiggling like mad . "
"this ,  it seems ,  is where i get my bravery from . "
expenditure accounted for by pubic workers ' salaries more than doubled between 1998 and last year and is the principal cause for guinea bissau ' s budget deficit . 
scarcely had she heard the sad story when she burst out crying . 
"for one party ,  the indian economy ' s amazing growth rates indicate that the country is a nascent superpower — an america in the making . "
he added the government should also unveil heavy punishments for environmental pollution and promote or demote local officials in accordance with their performance in helping to save energy and protect environment . 
"and i didn ' t mean ,  you know  -  -  where is that lady ? "
"so ,  it ' s a force that is the most powerful force"
don ' t presume on his good nature borrowing from him every week . 
"nathaniel ,  hard ieft coming up right here . "
"vera cruz ,  50 ,  an electronic engineer and graduate of a romanian university ,  was minister of natural resources in the previous government . "
"the more it is traveled ,  the less likely the person will go to the trouble of creating another path to reach the same destination . "
"so the solution has to be ,  as people like russell and einstein"
"but in essence ,  we have learnt that china now has deflation ;  that its stimulus package ,  announced in november ,  has prompted huge domestic investment ;  and that both imports and exports have fallen by a quarter over the last year ,  bringing down the trade deficit . "
we have now 70 people in the team working on it . 
"four agro  -  markets ,  16 small agro  -  processing enterprises ,  126 leading specialized households and one farmer marketing group were established . "
"a 21  - year - old backpacker from england who identified herself only as rachel ,  says she is looking for work in sydney but is concerned about those she has left behind . "
1 .  focus on the activities and people that make you happy . 
i think so .   .  .  .  . was 94 %  after three yearson a random sample of patients .  .  .  . 
"with more than 30 chapters worldwide ,  the women ' s interest network  ( win )  at american express provides female employees with a large array of resources for personal and professional development .  the win leader interview program ,  for example ,  provides rising women leaders the opportunity to interview current senior leaders one - on - one and in small groups to discuss business challenges for the company and learn about competencies necessary for success at american express .  likewise ,  employees are able to hear company leadership share best practices ,  leadership tips and their own personal career experiences through win ' s leadership speaker series .  win also spearheads american express '  yearly participation in international women ' s day in 11 markets across the globe .  each local win chapter delivers programming that focuses on driving career development ,  building leadership capabilities and promoting community outreach and education . "
"also look out for haunted objects ,  including a piano that mysteriously plays a single chord and a mirror that appears clean but in photos often reveals handprints ,  smudges ,  and faces . "
"tony ,  can you do one more song ? "
we ' re taking off now .  please fasten your safety belt . 
what is the point of that question ? 
who put you on the vlp list ? 
"but the bandwidth is in those tiny ,  little threads"
"i ' ll do nothing that we both don ' t concur on ,  from now on and forever . "
i would not lump it in with other towns taken on the same day . 
"if you do a knock  - up job here ,  you ’ll pay for it when you find you need to start from scratch . "
i ' m sure the audience has a host of questions for our team of experts . 
we gotta stop off and pick up an enquirer . 
"go and sit down ,  i ' m gonna find a car . "
"retailers are embracing these shoes at lower prices ,  too .  eileen tetreault ,  director of fashion strategy at online shoe retailer zappos ,  says she expects the sandals to generate a  ' trickle - down '  effect ,  with versions at all price levels . "
"so ,  when are you guys going to be home ? "
but it ' s allowed me to live in beautiful places
"excellencies ,  i am also intending to convene a high - level summit meeting on climate change ,  and i hope you will all fully support it and ask your leaders to participate . "
"as the cosmic downsizing continues ,  the dwarf galaxies— which hold only a few million stars each but are the most numerous type of galaxy in the universe— will become the primary hot spots of star formation . "
there ' s like a billion social sites on the web . 
"as interpreted by a very ,  very small ,  extremely radical group of people , "
"it consisted in falsifying a series of production reports of two years ago ,  in such a way as to cast discredit on a prominent member of the inner party ,  who was now under a cloud . "
and a sense of just how fragile this whole thing is . 
"there ' s a famous story about the great rabbi ,  hillel ,  the older contemporary of jesus . "
"nice to see you again ,  ruthie . "
"i think a lot of young people put off traveling because they want to be responsible ,  work hard ,  get married ,  have kids ,  and build up a life . "
and it is the one time that they rapidly
"the chinese traditional media is regulated by the government ,  and on many issues there is only one viewpoint .  but most weibo provides access to alternative viewpoints not expressable in traditional media .  this can generate debate and improve critical thinking skills of the netizens .   "" microblogging leverages the wisdom of crowds .  the good things get forwarded ,  re - tweeted ,  and bubble up to the top .  "" "
if you ' re most concerned about effectiveness prescription contraceptives — such as contraceptive injections a vaginal ring or an intrauterine device — might be better birth control options . 
"royal dutch shell fell two percent ,  despite recording a quarterly net profit increase of just over 70 percent . "
"we could tie our shoes together ,  our tennis shoes ,  and we could throw them over telephone wires . "
then i feel that it would be time for me to hang up my robe
the malaysia airlines flight from kuala lumpur to beijing had 239 passengers and crew on board . 
and i found some astonishing things in the course of my study
"and you get a z . q .  score .  instead of an i . q .  score , "
a third reason for choosing ohio is the presence of decent universities nearby . 
results :  1 .  the electrochemical test showed that⑴icorr decreased obviously after coated with tin and gold compared with that of uncoated ( p < 0 . 05 )  . 
we have logged up a remarkable series of gains in technical innovation . 
"the video has amassed more than 412 , 000 views in the last 10 days . "
"philips says the urban beehive has numerous benefits ,  aside from fresh honey for the owners . "
dunhuang was last considered a place of importance when it was under the control of the western xia kingdom  ( 990 - 1227 )  and the mongol yuan dynasty  ( 1271 - 1368 )  . 
we do turn that part of ourselves off if there ' s another person . 
"that allow these ideas to have this kind of long half - life ,  right ? "
"still ,  the army can always play a spoiling game ,  especially when it comes to relations with india . "
ulf will soon have almost two million tons of elevator storage capacity as it prepares for the chinese market .  chinese money is financing the building of six grain elevators . 
the vehicle itself will be a magnet . 
but the government ' s victory was marred by allegations of vote buying . 
take the three most famous words in all of western philosophy : 
"he was found dead in his car on tuesday ,  a gun in his lap .  lebanese investigators have suggested it was suicide . "
"i am a highly respected professional amongst my co - workers and client group ,  a team player ,  humourous – can turn the worst scenario into a fun learning session ,  dedicated ,  organized and efficient and trusted individual . "
and now he ' s an inconvenience to you . 
"she also mentioned how bull mastiff georgina had ballooned to 10 ?  st after developing a taste for curries as an example .  the pet has been put on a diet in darwen ,  lancs . "
"ultra  - fast railways will have their day  .  they are a good way to cut air travel and carbon emissions  ,  particularly where  ,  as in china  ,  they connect dense but distant population clusters  .  on shorter routes  ,  their advantages dwindle :  they can neither transform a region nor replicate the advantages of wider networks  .  and there is not yet such a thing as a cheap high  - speed link :  china ’ s safety failures have shown the perils of skimping in any way  .  at present  ,  for most places  ,  the marginal benefits of these fantastic feats of engineering  ,  in terms of reduced journey times  ,  are outweighed by the high costs  . "
on a rainy and blustery day it is not unusual to get soaking wet when wrestling with a troublesome brolly . 
and it takes my mind off the shop . 
"guilherme estrella said that the technology used by partex for oil exploration ,  in oman ,  will be used by petrobras ,  namely in the region below the salt layer . "
i don ' t know what came over me . 
"when a bridge is to be blasted as a non  -  military operation ,  completely different demands are made . "
 #  singing as we fetch the detergent box
much of what we want computers to help us with in the first place
"he didn ' t want to be recognized ,  so he travelled incognito . "
when i led a team of aquanauts living underwater for weeks at a time  -  - 
"d .  s .  burg planet  -  pure german brand ,  the piano crown . "
"we avoid telling those closest to us ,  because we don ' t want to be vulnerable . "
"when the doors opened ,  there was a mad dash for seats . "
"back in benenden in kent ,  my daydreams were of standing on volcanoes and riding through canyons but today ,  with 13 ,  000 miles still to go ,  i dream of my bed at home . "
"therefore , in order to ensure a healthy economic growth ,  materialize labourer '  employment right and development , solve the poverty problem ,  and establish a good image of the government , we shold put employment to the primary goal for governmental macroscopic adjustment and control . "
then he was ordained a monk and gave up his kingly life . 
some people will tell you it ' s measured by the ones left behind . 
"the adage  "" trade is better than aid ""  is clearly of great relevance to agriculture . "
"d :  yes ,  i ' ll give you a glucose infusion at once ,  but you should try to take some food yourself . "
"the team is also looking at how such ""  digit ratios ""  relate to other behavioural issues ,  such as technophobia ,  career paths and developmental disorders such as dyslexia . "
go straight along this street to the traffic light . 
"they did that in the summer ,  and it was very warm . "
"buzz aldrin ,  a fellow member of the apollo 11 mission and the second man on the moon ,  gives the bbc’s reaction to mr .  armstrong’s death . "
all the pictures that are shared by anyone across the world
"in the same way ,  this is like brain science and these memories"
how i had the power to get whatever it was i wanted
"the little girl recited her story all over again ,  and everybody present admired her for her good memory and performance . "
"most of us ,  when we finally get the floor ,  just blurt it out . "
hostel voluntourism is the perfect alternative for travelers who don’t like the idea of staying in a stranger’s home . 
i forgot this was in my pocket . 
"in 1995 ,  then - first lady hillary clinton attended the world conference on women in beijing ,  where she spoke forcefully about women ' s rights in china . "
"ma´am ,  if you require my services in the future . "
"long graceful ropes of ivy and grapevine and smilax were hung everywhere ,  in looping festoons on the walls ,  draped above the windows ,  twined in scallops all over the brightly colored cheesecloth booths . "
"those stories were about  ' 20s chanel dresses ,  costumes from the ballets russes and an entire wardrobe created in the 1870s for a roman princess by charles frederick worth  ( the world ' s very first haute couture designer )  ,  bought for her by lagerfeld . "
"in 732 ,  charles martel gave his soldiers estates known as fiefs as a reward for their service . "
"if flossing hurts or makes your gums bleed ,  keep working at it . "
is for you to help me and our partners
bright silver candlesticks ;  a burnished brass knocker ;  she brushed her hair until it fell in lustrous auburn waves ;  rows of shining glasses ;  shiny black patents . 
" "" it ' s a great story and yes ,  he ' s very impressed and fully up to speed , ” carney said . "
"sao tome ' s budget outlines expenditure of a total us $ 87 million ,  35 percent of which is for general expenses and 65 percent for capital expenditure ,  including paying off foreign debt ,  building a deep water port and refurbishing and expanding the country ' s airport . "
the food and drug administration wants big bold labels for total calories . 
you mean that one with the wide rim ? 
"and today is mandatory viewing in schools in england and scotland , "
"you know ,  diego ,  i ' ve never had a friend who would risk his life for me . "
"instead ,  a camel draws on a whole range of adaptations . "
"i told you ,  it ' s on its way . "
it took me a year to learn how to walk again after i had my diving accident in palau
"that my country is now the third largest emitter of greenhouse gasses in the world , "
"alone with the small screen ,  i am answerable to no one . "
we have 20 years to invent and then 20 years to deploy . 
"in fact ,  sex itself isn ' t that important . "
"the question is whether ,  in the face of an ongoing national crisis ,  we can stopthe political circus and actually do something to help the economy . "
i have a problem with the tests . 
"methods aloka ssd - 1700 type ultrasonic machine was connected with dfy - 1type quantitative ultrasonographic analysis system .  the ei of muscular layer was determined and analysed in 18 myoma of uterus and 20 normal female ,  to compare their differences between gray scale ( gs )  and decibel  ( db )  . "
"i ' d seen judaism only as a kind of prelude to christianity , "
people with kids and people without kids live in two different universes . 
beijing  -  taiyuan railway can be regarded as the typical one with bridges linking with tunnels . 
"later ,  they also made many important contributions to astrophysics ,  including fabry′s 1913 discovery  ( with h .  buisson )  of the ozone layer in the earth′s atmosphere . "
"when handling a high explosive substance like nitroglycerin ,  even the slightest slip up could be fatal . "
my boots were punished by our long trek in the mountains . 
you made won  -  tae sign over his organs ? 
"the thesis analyzes the influences of confucian school on these authors .  furthermore ,  it tries to disclose the complex relationships between the authors of the early creation society and the traditional culture of confucian school . "
"the party ' s support base is largely among israel ' s impoverished ,  ultra - conservative jewish factions . "
"this is a sorority ,  not a brothel . "
"if winter comes ,  can spring be far behind  ?  (  p .  b .  shelley ,  british poet  ) "
"if it existed ,  it would change all future spacecraft design and space mission planning . "
why do women watch porn films until the end ? 
"hester caught hold of pearl ,  and drew her forcibly into her arms ,  confronting the old puritan magistrate with almost a fierce expression . "
"it didn ' t really crash ,  it found an assert statement .  so if you look at the bottom of the function ,  you ' ll see that ,  in fact ,  i checked for that . "
"tidy up your study ,  kids ,   "" mother said ,  ""  all your books are in a muddle . "
"lawrence summers ,  mr obama ' s principal economic adviser ,  also stressed that “what we are seeing in the us and perhaps in other places ,  is a statistical recovery and a human recession” . "
"no one ' s found them .  we know where they are , "
join susan as she opens clothing boutiques in a variety of big city locations ! 
"how much commission will you give if the transaction is our us￥1 , 000 , 000 ? "
look at the things that go through with me . 
the party was so dull that it ' switched him off . 
seventy - five years ago in patagonia on the tip of south america . 
"or the cost to sequence a base pair of dna in 2012 , "
"washington ' s main envoy on the north korean nuclear issue is in pyongyang ,  aiming to convince leaders there not to reverse promises they made last year .  if the talks fail ,  the stage could be set for the north to produce more material that can be used for nuclear weapons . "
"for example ,  i ' ve taken the story of goldilocks ,  and i bring back all the words the kids have learned in cinderella ,  and i add 2more . "
"without ever leaving their home ,  mark and deb bennett can spend a few nights in copenhagen .  and italy .  and even antarctica . "
"true ,  true ,  so i guess one result of our neglect in afganastan was that the insurgence network has grown by leaps and bounds . "
rome is to be a republic again . 
"he ' s so cute ,  oh ,  joey ,  i wish you could see him growing up . "
law of identity law of non  -  contradiction and law of excluded middle are the basic laws . 
"every summer ,  gubi ,  valley bed vegetation grow wild ,  wild crabapple flowers eye  -  catching . "
plsoffer bycable cifc3 lagos 300pcs flyjngflower bicycles indicating terms payment timeship
"htc users can alternatively limit their vulnerability by turning off bluetooth entirely ,  or by disconnecting from any device that is not already paired with the handset . "
i ' d like the paws to be about right here . 
"rental rates in durban’s central business district spiked 40 percent ,  and rates in sandton ,  the financial district of johannesburg ,  rose 44 percent . "
"and ,  in fact ,  many countries got rid of malaria through ddt . "
though janie ' s hair exudes feminie sexuality and is a locus of contestation among the men . 
the faculty for agricultural culture isn ' t difficult to cultivate . 
the view stick of be these twos ? 
a trash can that ' s been left there for 18 months
and today is a time for me to talk to you about water . 
i have no intention to traverse that ground in my present lecture . 
"the monopoly of civil action in china includes the judge ' s monopoly of judicial business ,  the litigant ' s of the process and result of action or conciliation and lawyer ' s procuration to the litigant ' s action . "
15 .  your number is too high . you don ' t have to tell anyone your personal data . 
"because we have gone away from the community that we are , "
"china ,  india and south korea are rebounding smartly a step ahead of the u . s .  and europe . "
"your girlfriend sent the naked picture of your daughter to the tabloids so you ' d stop thinking that she was perfect ,  and finally get married . "
cronbach ' s a coefficient and split - half reliability coefficient of chiejsq were 0 . 893 and 0 . 914 .  6 common factors were extracted and the cumulative variance was 61 . 228 %  . 
"on the sidelines of the ii congress of portuguese - speaking countries on sexually transmitted diseases and aids ,  which ended thursday in rio de janeiro ,  the president of fiocruz said that the first batches of medication would be on the mozambican market by the end of the year . "
ken robinson is here .  he talked about the glories of failure . 
"the study of intercultural communication mainly deals with the relations between culture and language ,  laying special emphasis on the different impacts of the cultural differences between mother country and foreign countries on the mother tongue and foreign languages ,  so as to facilitate intercultural communication . "
"yeah ,  and it ' s about time that we did . "
"he now prides himself on treating his workforce well .  employees receive a share in company profits ,  and individual plants are run as independent entities . "
"thursday’s big launch involves businesses that scvngr has been working with behind the scenes ,  but eventually any business owner will be able to dream up and manage their own rewards . "
analysts attributed global point losses to concerns that a worldwide downturn will hurt corporate profits . 
"so you had social complexity spanning the whole continent , "
and as a woman who didn ' t get married until i was a lot older  -  - 
"and then i ' ll introduce you to one more character , "
and the different colors are different colors of dye . 
"it ended up in the coat pocket of ms .  hart ' s husband ,  who died in the disaster . "
and we ' ve reached that time .  we cannot afford to underestimate
"now ,  this is sad .   /  -  poor elliot .   -  / we need a diversion .   / hey ,  i know just the diversion .  .  .   /  .  .  . to take his mind off his antler .  / we break his hoof with a large stone .   /  -  yeah ,  a large stone ! "
"however ,  there are other applications ,  particularly at the enterprise level ,  that require the sort of added infrastructure and transport agnosticism that soap still promises to deliver . "
"governing scientifically ,  democratically and by the law is a creative final fruit of the party ' s style of governance , which answers the problems how and what to depend on our party rules , their dialectical relations unify in renovating governance principles , realizing governance essence , improving governance abilities and reforming political system . "
we read your mind and it ' s all here . 
"from his face ,  as he staggered into the office ,  we gathered it was the morning after the night before . "
"through these projects ,  econergy aims to generate power and carbon credit ' sales . "
we have the opportunity now to bring together all the stakeholders
"those unidentified objects have now been identified as birds ,  pulled from their migratory path and bedazzled by the light in a perfect ,  poignant storm of avian disorientation . "
please bear in mind that the train leaves at midnight . 
i heard he said many times that he could not live without you
south african apprentice b lerena wins the macau apprentice jockeys invitation cup with oriental milan . 
curator leslie kendall of the petersen automotive museum said autonomous cars will go a step further and make the highways safer . 
"now that it ' s splitsville ,  people talk about it as if leong had a master plan to begin with . "
"at a time when we are supposed to value flexibility and change above all other things ,  careers like mine are a disgrace . "
adm is still at the stage of assessing the seven proposals put forward for the refurbishment and expansion tender for maputo international airport . 
and both extremes in this debate are just wrong . 
i sweep once like to let you put you those filth matter . 
there ' s gonna be 10 times more dancing and fun . 
do you know the price index in the city ?  . 
how do we knowhe didn ' t invent the thing ? 
it ' s going to be hard .  i say we give it a shot anyway
"bragg ,  have i got something for you . "
"it will take about 10 ,  000 hours  ( or about five years )  to really master their jobs .  if you ' re wondering why colleagues seem so poised and confident ,  it ' s partly because they ' ve been doing it longer .  young people should learn as much as they can in their first jobs and remember it will take some time to really get good . "
"what a pity ,  then ,  that writer  -  director darnell martin reduces these pioneers to the sum of their foibles — greed ,  lust ,  drugs — and compacts each tragedy into bathos . "
" "" the 6th vote when we left our branders .  "" "
"no ,  you can hook up to the lnternet . "
what do you want to be dry ? 
"i can ' t be analyzed by somebody who ,  until recently ,  believed in santa . "
"although the total number of polio cases fell in india in 2007 ,  those caused by the slower - moving p3 virus are on the rise .  p3 is one of three strains of the virus that cause the crippling disease . "
"you know ,  if you ' re just sleeping with somebody casually , "
"martin ' s allegedaccomplice ,  dustin stewart ,  fled when he heard the gunshot and later surrendered to police ,  according to the oklahoman . "
and you ' re grounded for the rest of your life . 
do you have that game with the words ? 
i love to watch things on tv
"to keep the odp running smoothly and to assist us in exercising our editorial discretion ,  we have set up policies for submitting sites for our consideration . "
it ' s something that people do and it creates a lot of problems . 
"in the experiment :  the institutional framework layers in the model -  control group retina became most thin ,  with many cells arranging loosely and disorderly ,  and the figure also reduced notably . "
"so really ,  a big part of our processes was creating a lighting environment"
then we will make what we used to buy and you will no longer have to lend to us . ”
because you ' d want to space them all out for everybody ' s sight lines . 
"to have access via this ,  as that last link to mass transit , "
"it has ,  they would have to admit ,  been a good bash . "
"luanda ,  angola ,  22 nov–the angolan government plans to create three duty - free industrial areas in order to encourage the industrialization of the country ,  whose infrastructures were destroyed during the civil war ,  the minister of industry ,  joaquim david said tuesday in luanda . "
l - i don ' t want to hear anything bad about aunt adelaide . 
"high frequency directs the arc ,  cannot produce the phenomenon of clamping tungsten . "
"again ,  when i was in texas ,  before i moved to stanford . "
and we don ' t just want people to see our movies
"among them was a large photograph of chao hsin - mei ' s late father ,  a large photograph of chao hsin - mei in his master ' s gown with his diploma in his hand ,  and an autographed picture of chao hsin - mei ' s american professor . "
"only 12 hotels ,  9 percent ,  said they do not serve shark fin . "
"amy winehouse said ,   "" nelson mandela and i have a lot in common . "
the paper added that currently edm provided electricity to lesotho based on a contract signed last year that is due to expire in december . 
"president - elect obama won 52 percent of the popular vote ,  the largest share for a democrat since lyndon johnson won in 1964 . "
"that change in thinking has led to a dramatic shift ,  not only in the fortunes of monterey bay ,  but other places around the world . "
because this is what i had to do with the fbi . 
such a heated reaction has taken chinese observers aback . 
"looked like a low alt flame out ,  could had been birds or flown into another plane jet wash or just bad fuel . "
each operating system uses its own virtual machine that cooperates with the hypervisor to arbitrate access to the physical hardware  ( see figure 2 )  . 
"you know ,  really understands that you need a different structure . "
"if you got a team ,  who ' s your coach ? "
"as the hint came out is  -  we can stop malaria with stomping and clapping .  and the kids just love it .  "" "
"on the eve of the talks ,  gunmen from the militant wing of the islamist hamas movement killed four israeli settlers in the west bank tuesday ,  including a pregnant woman . "
"founded in 1997 ,  in china ,  chery arrived in brazil in 2009 ,  after several studies which evaluated the country as a promising market for the manufacturer . "
a big movement if you ' re not aware of it : 
objective to study the community of denitrifying bacteria and nitrate  -  nitrogen removal in downflow fixed  -  bed bioreactor . 
take a long hot bath – with lots of bubbles – or soak in a hot tub . 
"“part of our strategy for entering the angolan construction market involves taking part in international public tenders .  if the project is very good ,  covec may even provide financing ,  after viability studies ,  as part of the state - private partnerships with angola ,  ”shi ping told macauhub in an interview . "
"the point is ,  ladies and gentlemen ,  that greed ,  for lack of a better word ,  .  .  .   .  . is good . "
"if we give you 100 , 000 dollars ,  what can you do with it ? "
"but countries including portugal and greece believe china has made significant purchases of their sovereign debt ,  in a move that has helped prop up markets in the midst of the crisis . "
"as a result ,  this production ,  which had already sold out , "
that ' s what i do when i see a blitz coming . 
"in this paper ,  we present the case in which a huge abc in the lumbar vertebra was treated with definitive rt . "
and i don ' t even know if that ' s gonna work . 
"in images provided by the banner alzheimer ' s institute in phoenix ,  arizona ,  you can see the progression of the disease . "
"if you approach two people in the middle of a conversation ,  and they only turn their torsos and not their feet ,  they don ' t want you to join in the conversation . "
"i said ,   "" what ?  ""  he said ,   "" do you have gaffer ' s tape ?  "" "
now paradox with its affiliate gamersgate is a major player in the computer gaming industry . 
wopr ' s not letting me log back on . 
she said .  .  .  .  .  she was part of something special you ' il gonna find her
 #  all this fussing and fighting  # 
"26 .  get your work done first so you can play without guilt .  even better ,  make work play and the fun never ends ! "
"f :  i believe that you have to find a reason to work hard ,  to want to make something of yourself . "
"and i ' m sure that it ' s something that we all recognize , "
slaves were not emancipated until 1863 in the united states . 
"lastly ,  your homepage must be optimized for the keywords that will index your site appropriately and ensure your site is found as it grows in popularity .  seo should always play a role in your homepage design and development . "
"germany was a popular place at the time ,  giving mr nagorski a rich cast of characters . "
"for those of you around in the  ' 60s ,  you probably know it well . "
"in budapest ,  and there he was as smart as he was modest"
"so you can see :  here we are in the u . s .  , "
"in the corner ,  a pile of board games includes chess ,  backgammon ,  and jenga ,  the game in which a steady hand pulls out bricks from a tower of blocks until the whole pile collapses . "
"let ' s go ,  then .   $ 2 ,   $ 4 ,   $ 6 ,  just put all the money in . "
"hi qais ,  you have asked a question that many native speakers of english ask when they are writing and part of the problem is that these two words ,  although spelt differently ,  are pronounced the same by many people in many contexts . "
because soon the water was not able to reach these areas . 
we crossed a line and things got confused . 
"you ' il photoshop this if my nose looks big ,  right ? "
"we see this with programmes where communities take charge of disease detection and drug distribution ,  with rapid and sustainable improvements for health . "
"in the experiment , the neutron yield of the accelera - tor is 3 . 2 × 10￣9n / s .  the sensitivity of the active measurement is 1g￣ ( 235 ) u / busket . "
and i ' ve got to take a moment right now to publicly thank
"well ,  i met some friends on the way there . "
"i don ' t think that some of the girls in this house have even seen their own bodies naked ,  so they probably don ' t really want to see your perfectly engineered boobs . "
will super storms ravage our lands and bring famine on a global scale ? 
we send down  ( stage by stage )  in the qur ' an that which is a healing and a mercy to those who believe :  to the unjust it causes nothing but loss after loss . 
"a new study shows that simple ,  low - cost interventions can help teenage girls in africa stay in school during their monthly periods .  paul montgomery led the study . "
they started sending these weather balloons up every day and they chose the middle of the pacific because it was the area that was most remote . 
"lake victoria ,  second largest and lake tanganyika ,  second deepest in the world are in tanzania . "
"yes ,  as a matter of fact ,  you can . "
i couldn ' t endure the loneliness after we broke up . 
"and it says that it  "" doesn ' t rank high in quality ,  however .  "" "
what the hell is wrong with this picture ? 
"i kind of wish it did put out co2 , "
"its fine to talk to someone or watch something on tv while eating just bring your attention back to your food for each and every bite ,  be mindful ,  enjoy the crunching and the tastes . "
effect of weight loss induced by laparoscopic adjustable gastric banding on immunity of morbid obesity
i ' ve done quite a bit of theater . 
"today ,  if a girl acts like she is better than everyone else ,  you might say she should get off her high horse . "
"for one ,  don ' t listen to your friends when they tell you to do stupid things . "
"through a un working group ,  countries including the us ,  china and russia have taken initial steps to devise some ground rules for cyber crime and cyber warfare . "
this was the poorest district in the whole province
some podictionary subscribers have been so kind as to notice the change in podictionary and ask me if everything is all right .  now you know .  everything is all right . 
which makes montana vulnerable to the rest of the united states . 
"it was to social services ,  the state of newjersey . "
"don ' t try to fob me off ,  that ' s all i ask .  you ' ll be wasting your breath . "
"for god ' s sakes ,  she ' s just a child . "
i think of him when christmas comes to town
"liu jieyi ,  china ' s permanent representative to the un ,  says"
the percentages of subjects who had similar menstrual period and amount of menses were 90 . 9 %  and 88 . 9 %  respectively . 
" "" their minds are in this internet way of thinking ,  and when their real world is not even moving ,  not even budging ,  they feel powerless .  and so where do they escape ?  they go back to the internet .  "" "
that have happened that are actually quite exciting as well . 
it ' s the indication that it ' s the best foie gras . 
she has been turned down two times in a row by potential employers for the reason that the job was not “suitable” for female . 
the king was thinking of sending an armored brigade into syria . 
"if your kid loves you so much ,  why is he leaving ? "
he fell off the bike and got a scrape on his knee . 
"wait for mcclane ,  hear ,  warlock ,  there are some weeks i wrote that .  .  . "
frans hofmeester is a filmmaker and photographer from the netherlands . 
"do you need to drag yourself to work every morning ?  optimists don ' t ,  because they spring out of bed excited to face the day .  this is because optimists have chosen to pursue jobs and careers for which they have real ,  genuine passion . "
the archbishop joins their right hands together and says :  those whom god hath joined together let no man put asunder . 
repeated intravenous injections are dependent upon the ability to maintain a patent vein . 
"kindness and benefit of doubt go a long way ,  and holdingresentmentand bitterness does not allow one to live to his fully capacity . "
"yeah ,  i got a surprise visit too . "
that his neighbors were quite clearly identical copies of him . 
"they ' il be listed in a folder marked  "" dexter ,  jean ""  .  .  .  along with some questions . "
"tu  -  dyeing yuanyuguangtai customers together ,  handhand with new century glory . "
"to be successful ,  a person in business works hard and tries to get down to brass tacks . "
"i need to talk with you ,  dr .  house . "
"yo ,  you don ' t gotta be killing him . "
"well ,  the first difference for virtual worlds is that"
"in fact ,  those individuals he talked about who were poor was sort of a side note . "
"it was something i ' d been hoping to do for a number of years .  .  .  and ,  uh ,  it was just great to fulfill that . "
"this article plans through compares and profits from the chinese and foreign grant contract theory and the practice beneficial experience ,  thus system research our country related legislative loophole and shortcomings which the grant contract in the present legal rule exists ,  analysis of the causes of problems ,  make a tentative research and exploration on legislation and practice of grant contract . "
"okay ,  now the tuxedos seem kind of fucked up . "
tens of thousands of hungarians have taken part in rival pro and anti - government rallies in the capital budapest as the country marked the 56th anniversary of its uprising against soviet rule . 
"this season it’s all about giving statement - making masculine garments an injection of pretty ,  feminine detail . "
"• candidate said she could not provide a writing sample because all of her writing had been for the cia and it was ""  classified .   "" "
he couldn ' t hold down a job after his breakdown . 
"i ' ll wake you up in spring when flowersbloomand birds sing .  "" "
adopting advancing mining which is non  -  advance bottom gate and raserve gate along the gob . 
"in the meantime ,  you ' re not starting the car . "
is just the dimming of the light from the star . 
" "" being in gentleness , advocating tranquilization and keeping moderation "" were the three basic working laws of military humanism in 《laocius》 . "
"i must sit down and rest ,  i ' m tired out . "
isn ' t that how you got into the felkers '  home ? 
so that only the benign and useful variants of our ideas continue to spread . 
"the maverick bounty hunter is garbed in rough leather chaps ,  wild spurs ,  worn  -  out leather boots and rusty weapon chin guards . "
"like ,  now ,  all of a sudden ,  out of nowhere ,  he wants to be the king of genovia ? "
what do i do in the meantime ? 
i happened to sit by her in the cinema . 
"figures from the ministry of agriculture shows china consumes over 2 million tons of food every day from over 400 , 000 food manufacturers ,  and 3 . 23 million related businesses . "
"go on ,  my boy ,  tell us how you ' re going to deal with him . "
aber sein fehlverhalten kann leicht auf sein lernen abf  &  auml ;  rben . 
raise you hand if your brother ' s a homo ! 
i won ' t get into how the marriage ended . 
why bother trying to bribe him with his a . u .  ring ? 
"as the campaign enters its final days ,  both sides are now focusing on the 500 , 000 voters who have yet to make up their minds . "
" "" he ' s delightful ,  delightful ,  ""  he went on ,  giving the commonplace rendition of approval which such men know . "
i hope our home side will not disappoint us in the second half . 
their rapidly again population will crush their medical services and the trumping up of their currency will bite them in their szechuan one day soon . 
congratulate on their new position and please kindly support them for the coming new term as always ! 
is based on him trying to tell me a little something
"here is the magician and he says :  hey ,  abracadabra ,  zero go away . "
i can ' t listen to this song again . 
"well ,  luckily there is one who survived . "
"this app is a good attempt ,  but i am not sure if it really work ! "
"in fact ,  why would we put these balls in the soup , "
"648 .  i won ' t argue with you ,  but i think you ' re being unfair . "
"we are not saint .  everyong can be up and down in spirits .  if she is in blue ,  why not comfort her with your patience ? "
"i was determined to have you ,  and i did . "
"sonangol shipping ,  registered in the united states ,  is responsible for bulk shipping of crude in large tankers . "
"i ' m telling you ,  like the bees ,  you ' re free ,  girl . "
"which is mostly down in the  -  -  it ' s like 350 nanometers , "
a long way from the big city of vienna . 
there was a member of his staff who did not have any place
cooper had introduced a distinctively american voice into fiction . 
so i just want to quickly explain how this would work . 
"and in response ,  christians have erected barricades in one of the city ' s neighborhoods .  bbc news . "
there’s even an endlessly amusing step - by - step instruction guide for converting your text from active to passive voice .  what would strunk and white say ? 
specially trained teachers examined sixteen textbooks and approved ten of them . 
where would your self - motivated reasoning take you ? 
in the second half of the  ' 60s to study architecture . 
type a new name as you want it to appear in headings and links throughout the site .  type descriptive text that will help site visitors use this document library . 
but actually i had to go around the world in a balloon
"the ,  you have no wrong ,  wrong is they"
"although everybody expect to break loose shackles  ( chains )  ,  despise to live like a slave . "
"okay ,  what ' s going on with your heart ? "
so he got down on one knee and gave you an empty box ? 
"what i want to show you is not so much the details of the slide , "
tell the crew where you want to go
these vertigo - inducing pictures show tourists navigating an extremely narrow andtreacherouswalkway along cliffs at a scenic mountain in china ' s shaanxi province . 
"anyway ,  i made this little tape that i ' d always show when i go in . "
the lightning moved south followed by a few claps of muted thunder . 
"although the csf has only half the glucose concentration of the bloodstream ,  it is virtually free of the proteins and cells which would foul a device implanted in other areas of the body ,  and thus its life would be greatly extended . "
i know it from a dream .  .  .  or of a dream from a dream . 
we can change the way we see ourselves in the world . 
"we need a vehicle ,  a parking ticket ,  something . "
and you don ' t think this dream is sexual ? 
and i ' ll tell you where i made my big mistake . 
"rb :  he ' s a wonderful enthusiast ,  which is why i love him .  but  .  .  . "
"3 .  some tumors with sharply margin would think as benign ones in usual msct or mr imaging ,  but if the perfusion parameters increase apparently ,  it is perhaps malignant . "
researchers said good looks did not give women a similar advantage . 
"let ' s have the other ones ,  who sat down during the 20 ,  up again .  okay ? "
michael may just be the ugly duckling who doesn ' t know he ' s a swan . 
you are all making a terrible mistake ! 
"denmark was the happiest country ,  followed by norway ,  switzerland ,  the netherlands ,  sweden and canada . "
efficacy :  detoxification to oil .  clean pores .  shrink pores .  blackhead removal . 
"making other people happy is a sure fire way to create a little joy for yourself ,  and this applies to the office as much as anywhere else .  acknowledge the good work of a colleague or compliment a co - worker on their outfit .  this strategy also means taking a step back from criticism .  you can be as kind in what you choose not to say as well as what you do . "
"companies formed to promote national network is a mainstay for the company ,  points - based business model ,  modern management level networking operation network ,  each network members are in the ""  low - risk ,  high return ,  ground work ""  model of equal opportunity and prosperity . "
"my obtuse little friend ,  if they had needed our help .  .  .  they would have asked for it ,  hmm ? "
the future or the thing that gleamed . 
"the center of gravity has some offset ,  but no problem for 60 degree rotation . "
"lisbon ,  portugal ,  24 nov–spanish - owned banco popular portugal and angolan bank bic have signed an accord aimed to establish reciprocal lines of credit to stimulate trade between angola and portugal by financing and promoting exports . "
"just then the blonde flips the alligator on it ' s back ,  and frustrated ,  shouts out ,   "" darn it ,  this one isn ' t wearing any shoes either ! "
"professor nathan hart ,  from the university of western australia ,  said :   ' it ' s the high contrast against the water rather than the colour itself which is probably attractive to sharks . "
conclusions scf technology is applied in bioengineering field with great potential of progress . 
"for reasons of his own  ( ie particular reasons that perhaps only he knew about )  ,  he refused to join the club . "
"because mothers who may be breastfeeding ,  who may have young children ,  would be buying something that they thought was healthy ,  but it was really toxic . "
diameter of the suction and evaporating pipes should decided oil circulation and reconfirmation of gas speed . 
violent crime be only one of the malady afflict modern society
"the illegal distribution of items such as alcohol ,  drugs ,  firearms ,  etc . "
"and in a post - record interview ,  he indicated that he ' d be able to go even longer . "
"we think that if we could gather this and that ,  all the conditions , "
for children the dose you take depends on the weight of the child . 
"even then , i could tell she was going to be a star . "
"oral lesions most frequently appear in lips ,  gingival tissue ,  and buccal mucosa . "
"i feel liberated ,  i feel at peace with the promise i made with ezequel . ”mr .  alarenga was rescued in january in the marshall islands , "
we make an electron gun which consists of a tungsten wire heated by an electric current . 
"higher prices are here to stay ,  says the consensus of the industry . "
"why am i not going along ,  you mean ? "
"the understanding of the han dynasty mainstream confucianists to the merchant social position ,  the function as well as the relation between the farmers and the merchants are different with sima qian . "
the sergeant was showing mehow to break a judo hold . 
"she was a girl of about twenty with bobbed hair and of middling height .  her skin was dark ,  but she had a lovely complexion and lively ,  sparkling eyes . "
didn ' t your teacher the revered laozi say .  .  . 
it ' s because i ' m interested in that subject . 
"she recalls her adoptive vietnamese parents arguing about her ,  the husband shouting ,   "" why did you have to get an amerasian  ?  "" "
"the ones on the right were made by neanderthals ,  our distant cousins , "
"keating :  now ,  l want you rip out that page .  go on .  rip out the entire page . "
"as to the deformed slots ,  the slot reactance has been analyzed in theory and therefore formulized . "
"and if you were able to print out everybody in your cell phone , "
and so the next thing you ' ll see is a million dollar kitchen
"unusually heavy rains are also affecting people in ivory coast ,  mauritania ,  mali ,  liberia ,  and gambia . "
how did you guys first hook up ? 
"which was developed by our colleagues in europe ,  we dropped a probe"
"among 17 cases of malformed or at risk fetuses and infants , hpv - dna was positive in 5 samples of neonatal cord blood or placenta , including 3 cases of fetal distress , 1 case of neonatal hyperbilirubinemia and 1 case of anencephalus . "
"the most enjoyable times ,  have all been from asking a simple question : "
"besides ,  i gotta get back to work . "
"ezra ,  i need those customer satisfaction data reports . "
polycrystalline silicon is an aggregation of small silicon crystals . 
but the followers of hitler abound and thrive . 
i won ' t even say what they do .  but he feels it . 
"a short time later ,  he spoke of the ease of voting early ,  saying the process takes the worry out of having to make sure you vote on a single day . "
the smog is so thick that you ' d better wear a respirator . 
he ' s wearing green scrubs and a blue jacket . 
"want to be smarter in work ,  love ,  and life ? "
you can make a new kid happy . 
"this is terminal four at heathrow ,  typical of any terminal  -  - "
"he had a paw on my throat ,  and with the other ,  he was slapping me ! "
"the chinese traditional decorum and customs society gradually hastened containing to the western society ,  and the western culture had the profound influence to the local society ,  the mt .  lushan society had presented the dual society style which china and the west mixed together . "
"admittedly ,  kluger writes ,  some dating apps turn the whole dating experience into a kind of game . "
" ' if you don ' t acknowledge mistakes ,  you can ' t fix them and learn from them ,  '  mr .  dimon wrote .  ' so now ,  as in the past ,  we are recognizing our problems ,  rolling up our sleeves and fixing them .  ' "
at least i can admit i cheated in university ;  most of you won ' t . 
he does not look fifty by any manner of means . 
"well ,  that ' s the start of it ,  bull . "
"on other matters ,  smith says he told the u . s .  delegation australia ' s growing commercial relationship with china should in no way damage canberra ' s ties to washington . "
he beenthe way he is since the first day . 
"we ' re gonna have a red - raw revolution on our hands ,  man . "
i expect i ' ve seen them all already anyway . 
"and to complicate matters ,  sex is an anxious experience for some people . "
they don ' t necessarily know what they ' re doing or why they ' re doing it . 
"as part of the ongoing work on a joint study on urbanization with china ' s development research center of the state council ,  we have been re - thinking the concept of cities .  we should not think of cities as just urban sprawls ,  but instead should make them work for people .  efficient cities will boost growth .  some of our priorities are building dense cities that keep people living close to where they work ,  with better transport systems .  another important issue is protecting farmers '  rights to land ,  and sharing the benefits of land development in a more equitable way . "
"the son of a stockbroker ,  cameron went to eton ,  an exclusive public school which has produced more prime ministers than any other english school . "
"to go one step further ,  the singapore government extend the lifespan of the public buses ,  sbs decided to refurbish and fitted air  - con .  unit on the aging conventional single  -  decker . "
that makes the deals a lose - lose for investors everywhere . 
as a healer of the spirit i have succeeded beyond my hopes and my deserts . 
a japanese spacecraft has spotted two huge holes in the sun  -  -  gateways for solar material and gas to spill out into space . 
"and the best projection from the world bank is that this will happen , "
"yeah ,  i ' m really mad at him . "
you lose nothing but instead gain everything that will put your feet firmly upon the path to true freedom . 
"dynamic programming is maybe the most important use of computer science in biology ,  but certainly not the only one . "
unwedding ceremony acknowledges their shared life and marks their amicable separation . 
"i ' ll make sure adam and brent ' s father does ,  too . "
flea markets came into being in china only several years ago . 
"interviewer :  so li ,  can you tell us a bit about yourself ? "
in extraordinary detail .  and so this is a core
"but kids ,  you can see these signs in them . "
the fast - moving internet pricing games used by airlines and hotels are now moving deeper into the most mundane nooks of the consumer economy . 
i didn ' t know anything about her and we talked all about her life and how she wants to help me .  ' 
" "" if she wins ,  she could pay off the u . s .  national debt and still have  $ 885 trillion left . "
"do not leave your ring in the bathtuespecially wedding ring .  it represents one heart ,  one love . "
loneliness in old age is the curse of modern society . 
"according to the basic test and calculation for copper alloy by permanent - mold casting ,  foundry technique parameters of the rotor counterbalance component of helicopter were stated . "
if the dispute is to be resolved there must be some give and take . 
"very few people knew what i was up to ,  but i took a lot of pictures . "
"i ' il be honest with you we ' ve never faced a demon before ,  but the devil comes that way . "
he was drifting and it was a period in his vulnerable to recruitment . 
"when the money stops ,  the house will be taken . "
"less than two months ago ,  the angolan government said it was available to set up credit lines to encourage angolan private investment in sao tome and principe ,  in the tourism ,  commerce ,  fishing and agricultural sectors . "
his name was john belk .  some of you will probably know him . 
"alright ,  when you see the precious cargo , "
he said that failing to deal with the threat from rising temperatures would betray the world ' s children . 
this is the first place where javier will come and look for me . 
the phony glamour of night clubs soon became stale and boring . 
"came ,  they got her ,  there was nothing on her . "
that ' s due to go on my lab building at nyu . 
we enclose herewith one of our price -  list for your examination . 
and 3 . 7 million people have taken the questionnaire in america . 
"this month ,  however ,  she taped a message to british forces to mark the 25th anniversary of the falklands war with argentina ,  as well as being interviewed by the bbc . "
"they ' ll often drift apart or swim apart if mom is chasing a fish , "
it ' s a type of bone spur that grows from the skull down into the sinus cavity . 
"the social networking company facebook has priced its initial share offer at  $ 38 per share ,  making the value of the company more than  $ 100bn . "
you call yourself a man of zhao ? 
do not swim in where the water is swirling around ;  there are dangerous currents . 
do you think the resistance is real ? 
"through evaluating the implementation of the project in mile county ,  the characteristics and methods of management were expounded from management measures ,  organizing measures ,  propagandizing measures and technological measures .  some recommendations and strategies for the sustainable implementation and management of the project in mile county were also proposed based on the overall summarization of the experiences and problems in management ,  the relevant strategies and suggestions were proposed for sustainable implementation and management of engineering projects . "
objective :  to solve the transparency problem of the compound rhubarb liquid . 
our plan was to start a family . 
"74 .  by its decision 47 / 456 ,  the general assembly allocated one twelfth of a new member state ' s rate of assessment per full calendar month of membership as the basis of assessment for the year of admission .  "" "
you ' re unlike any other woman i ' ve ever met . 
for fair compensation by arbitration instead of going to court . 
i ' m wearing the mandarin suit out of respect . 
all of your material needs taken care of  -  - 
"and then ,  because i ' m looking for the upside here , "
debbie is a concierge at the bank . 
it would also make it illegal to erect lights that bother neighbors and would direct the state to designate darkness preserves where outdoor lighting would be restricted . 
"the former british colony retains its own political and economic systems ,  and unlike in the mainland ,  open open mourning of the hundreds of student protesters believed killed in 1989 is tolerated there . "
"david： well ,  i try to supportive to my employees as well .  they think of me as a helpful father figure . "
"6 .  unlike in school ,  great performance on the job isn ' t just about waiting for assignments and doing them .  while in school it was often enough to simply do your assignments ,  at work you should be identifying ways to drive your department ' s work forward and taking initiative to do things better .  if you sit around and wait for someone to tell you what to do ,  you might not get much done .  that said ,  you also need to know the parameters of where you can take initiative and where you can ' t ,  which isn ' t always spelled out explicitly  ( and therefore can really confuse new workers )  . "
" '  ' interest is the best teacher and also the first teacher ,  '  '  mr wang said .   '  ' for me ,  the second teacher would be the ambition to know the world outside of china .  '  ' "
"but as you can see ,  i ' ve never been hungry . "
she is of no use to me . 
i ' m a little upset as you can imagine . 
and the answer is :  nothing .  there ' s nothing in it for the ant . 
a business person with guanxi has a wide network of contacts that he or she can call upon to get things done . 
"dust thou art ,  and unto dust shalt thou return . "
if dooku escapes .  .  .  rally more systems to his cause he will . 
"take your best owls with you ,  allomere . "
"psychology research shows ,  a man ' s success consists of intelligence factor and non  -  intelligence factor .   "" "
" "" there are pressures from many different audiences — the kids ,  their parents ,  and the schools trying to meet standards ,  all  ( of which )  have different demands ,  ""  willard says .   "" this can make it difficult for teachers to do their thing and remember the reason they got started in the field .  "" "
if you fall i will be there . 
one of the children was pawing at my sleeve . 
"he took his tea quietly ;  though his tongues was still ,  his observant faculties seemed by no means off duty . "
"learn to prove how far you will go for your team ,  and you ' ll build a passionate group of people to support you . "
"then ,  as soon as the ants  -  -  the first group of ants  -  -  emerge , "
"well ,  the rain ,  the room ,  the view of the parking lot . "
the principle and study on preservation of instant meatball of modified atmosphere packing were introduced in this paper .  the instant meatball packaged with pet / pe material and filled with gas mixtures of different ratios can be preserved under 4℃ . 
feel free is an expression that we use to mean go ahead  -  it ' s okay  -  at least it ' s okay by me ! 
"the little toad was scarcely inside when it turned into a beautiful young lady ,  the turnip into a coach ,  and the six mice into horses . "
so we had to throw everything out the window
he ' s the first one that done it . 
"if two people are very similar ,  you might say they are like two peas in a pod . "
"the big wireless companies new valentines day would be the best time of the year to release a pink phone ,  and they hit the nail on the head . "
"come on ,  emma ,  santa claus won ' t eat you !  if you go closer ,  he ' ll give you a present"
our football players have a red and white strip . 
they let the house to me at a rent of 100 dollars a month . 
"we suspect they are trying to hide something ,  hence the need for an independent inquiry . "
"aiming at solving the defects of exported plast  -  ripple  -  duct tensile tester such as including all technical rules by halves and operating very complexly ,  the longitudinal tensile fixtures is improved . "
that if you are a leader in any area  -  - 
"speaking of mode of payment ,  can you advise me of your general practice in this respect ? "
and we all know in our heart of hearts
"but supporters of the bill aren ' t convinced this is enough and see legislation as a way to speed up the process .   "" what that california legislation does is a positive step in encouraging the industry to actually develop a solution faster ,  ""  says dmitrialperovitch ,  cofounder and cto of crowdstrike inc .  ,  a provider of security technology and services . "
you really should use a shampoo that doesn ' t dry your hair so much . 
"it won the first tournament ,  and even after everyone knew it won , "
he was commissioned a general at the age of 50 . 
permission was granted and a policeman accompanied him to a pay phone . 
"when you ' re done ,  crack your collar ,  show off your operating license . "
it ' s an interesting way to test a theory of child development :  persuade millions of parents to rear their children in accordance with the theory and then sit back and watch the results come in . 
"it pretty much works with any big fish in the ocean , "
and so i went there and i met some amazing women there . 
ecological revetment is a fundamental mean of restoring ecology of waterway in waterway regulation . 
"and i think 60 percent of it is exactly what you say , "
i just want my money and i wanna go home . 
"well ,  let ' s begin our story this way . "
"to us , his victims appear to be nonspecific . "
we can ' t go to the usual agencies . 
"yes ,  it could happen to any of us ,  but yesterday it happened to them . "
"however ,  their brains dealt with the stress imposed by the experimenters in different ways . "
"dr .  v :  supposing i ' m able to produce eye care , "
"amsterdam ,  the netherlands ,  1 feb–the tahal group controlled by the dutch kardan nv has signed a 143 million euro contract with the angolan public works ministry for an integrated regional and agricultural development project ,  the group has announced . "
proofing means to prove that the dough is alive . 
"to heaven with you ,  are you ? "
"macau ,  china ,  25 oct–the brazilian consul - general in hong kong ,  ricardo drummond de mello ,  said thursday that there were good opportunities for brazilian business owners that plan to move into the region of the pearl river delta ,  but that they would have to get established in the area . "
"talk to us , and we can do something about it . "
it is the antibody to the stress and rush we feel daily . 
and we ' ve watched as the tools we uniquely make
"lisbon ,  portugal ,  16 jan–the annual average inflation rate in portugal totaled 3 . 1 percent in 2006 ,  0 . 8 percentage points more than in 2005 ,  the portuguese national statistics institute ( ine )  said monday in lisbon . "
"lichucha said that revenues from the sale of mozambique ' s main fishing product ,  shrimp ,  had fallen from us $ 92 million in 2006 to us $ 78 million in 2007 ,  which had also happened to the exports of other fish ,  such as deep water shrimp and others . "
and there are actually thousands of feelings that have been collected . 
his incompetence has brought the company to the brink of bankruptcy . 
the dehumanisation and humiliation of opponents and their supporters is as much a part of the modern sporting experience as the blood - lust of the crowds that filled the colosseum . 
john gave us a detailed account of his plan . 
then they lined up and set off into the darkness . 
the victim ' s penis was found behind the ac unit . 
he finds it difficult to stay on  /  stick to the straight and narrow for long . 
"because they were too individual ,  and they didn ' t have that heft"
"his voice was often heard calling the three mast  - head look - out men ,  and encouraging them to sing out for anything they saw . "
there are three underpinnings of working in space privately . 
"it mainly imports renewable resources industry scrap copper ,  aluminum ,  stainless steel ,  junky electrical machine . "
"i ' m providing a service ,  mary kelly .  .  .  and i expect to be paid . "
"there was no one else on the beach ,  and the nearest phone to call the marine patrol was miles away . "
it is said traditionally that in strict and objective sciences the exaggerating form— metaphor is not allowed . 
"we need to know earlier that they ' re getting in trouble , "
"many of the world ' s threats stem from lack of opportunity which ,  in turn ,  leads to poverty ,  social erosion ,  and political instability . "
"denys finch - hatton ,  who was at the time camped in the masai reserve ,  and was sleeping in his lorry ,  told me when he came back ,  that as he was woken up by the shock he thought ,  "" a rhino has got underneath the lorry .  "" "
"by contrast ,  if you save enough in an isa ,  you can run down the account over a year when you hit 65 . "
she drank his coffee in a moment of aberration . 
i want to start with the responsibility you have to yourself . 
"and they said scaling ,  which is the build - up of minerals inside of pipes . "
"wouldn ' t be able to interest you in a bribe ,  would i ? "
one step in that process was taken on tuesday . 
"and even if they were able to do so ,  even if i ' m wrong , "
business is possible if you can lower the price to hk  $ 2150 . 
"it ' s a classic gamma retrovirus ,  but it ' s totally new ; "
the tunnel is 10 metres wide and 600 metres long . 
life seemed so sweet and so sad .  .  .  and so hard to let go of in the end . 
"their prediction is based on two factors :  first ,  china should do well in traditional categories of table tennis ,  badminton ,  diving ,  gymnastics ,  shooting and weightlifting - securing about 28 gold medals . "
"i have a lot of work experience in america ,  but working in china is a whole new ballgame . "
let ' s put our heads together to deal with this problem . 
"we ' ll probably come to visit you next week ,  but in any event we ' ll telephone you . "
"joined german kassel workshop in cafa ,  and being translator ,  arrangement work . "
"they ' re not obeying the directions that we ' re giving them , "
is actually the glue between the sand and the paper . 
i do toys .  the bulk of my work is in computer games . 
i ' ve hardly given you room to move around . 
"have you seen someone around 30 ,  tall , with black hair ? "
classifying types and establishing reservoir  -  forming patterns are significant to quantitatively investigation and exploration for source  -  mixed gas . 
"as the paper notes ,  “the accumulation of net overseas assets has been entirely accounted for by public sector acquisitions  .   .   .  and has been principally channelled into reserves” . "
"singapore ,  10 jan–capitaland ,  one of singapore ' s largest real estate development companies ,  has bought 20 percent of the project known as macao studio city from esun holding ' s for us $ 84 . 4 million ,  officials said . "
"in order to investigate the change in mane primo fasting blood glucose and the optimal blood sampling time for best revealing the physical level of blood glucose ,  100 patients without pathological ,  stress ,  pregnant and drug blood glucose abnormality were selected .  blood was taken at different time points of 4∶00 to 5∶00 ,  5∶00 to 6∶00 ,  6∶00 to 7∶00 within 3 days respectively . "
"franklin roosevelt :  his net worth was  $ 60 million ,  earned mostly through inheritance and marriage .  he owned properties in georgia ,  maine and new york . "
"envision immuno histochemical staining was applied to investigate the distribution of cd31 and αsmooth muscle actin ( α sma )  in malformed , medium and small veins . "
"but if you want to go higher and go larger than this , "
you have almost drowned and edmund have been almost assassinated . 
gutberlet says one of the reasons most underwater cables are laid by consortiums is to lessen the risks for a single company . 
she give the delegation a strict interpretation of the speech
"it keeps around two - thirds of assets in bonds ,  mostly of the local variety . "
i feed all the responses back to ms mowbray a couple of weeks later . 
"the small map ,  printed in clear black ink on yellowing paper shows the world divided into 12 segments . "
a gangster promptly kidnaps han ' s darling daughter  -  and demands  $ 50 million as ransom . 
you should never depend on the government to do this sort of stuff  -  - 
"when i appeared ,  he became frightened and ran off . "
it was obviously our chance of helping out with the cause . 
"it is our intention to introduce the genesis device into a preselected area of a lifeless space body ,  a moon or other dead form . "
" "" that ' s why i believe we have to come up with a way to deal with the problem of bad code and bad actors ,  so as not to put the consumer in the uncomfortable position of having to choose between  ' generative but unstable '  or  ' not generative but reliable .  '  "" "
"if you have belief that if you talk about money you ' ll get divorced ,  or people will think you ' re rude ,  the only way to get through anxiety is to practice doing it .  "" "
"to this ,  i can become a true ninja ,  cruel to kill you . "
" "" if something would have happened to you in that match ,  i ' d have been shot ,  ""  maradona said he told messi . "
"waseda jitsugyo elementary ' s brochure values one share at 100 ,  000 yen . "
"for now ,  she can ' t recall anything about her life . "
then everyone should jump out of the boat and swim to the shore . 
"however ,  as we students of this age group are cross  -  boyfriend ,  including me ! "
"with her last strength she cried despondently ,  "" don ' t you have even a little pity for me ,  madam ? "
you give me an invitation to me coming
"enhancing the national stature of our school ,  while preserving the accessibility and service mission that befit our role as the state ' s only public law school ,  is a formidable challenge . "
"i ' m not going to dive into them either ,  but photosynths are integrated into the map . "
the ground pressure in pangushan mining area is representive in vein tungsten mines in our country . 
"hypotension is also a factor in poliomyelitis ,  shock ,  and barbiturate poisoning . "
"myskins allows you to download its color chart ,  or it will send it to you free of charge . "
who are thinking about it and writing about it now . 
i know your father can count on you to behave properly on this sad day . 
the aftershock was said to have lasted for about a minute and many high - rises in chengdu rocked slightly . 
scientists are exploring the theory that people are drawn to certain trades and professions based on the connotations of their surnames . 
"it ' d be one thing if i wanted to go pro and make a ton of money ,  but i ' m not at that level . "
violations of the law and breaches of discipline are not to be connived at . 
"he is always there when i need him . thank you ,  clifford ! "
i believe the heart of the tree knows which way it needs to grow . 
"and after last fall ' s government shutdown ,  republicans and democrats don ' t seem to have much stomach for a standoff . "
"already ,  the skeleton of an enormous conveyor belt snakes out of the refinery and up to the foot of the mountain . "
"you have the face of a wee angel ,  do you know that ? "
"patients coming to the center can be grouped into two age groups ,  19 to 25 ,  and 40 to 50 ,  says meng jingya ,  a doctor at the mental health center of west china hospital . "
there is little agreement as to which approach works best . 
my only condition is that you do not stay in that room . 
i don ' t know what i was doing . 
"many years ago ,  when i was born in the  ' 50s  -  - "
"but dr .  valerie taylor ,  chief ofpsychiatryat women ' s college hospital at the university of toronto ,  argues thatobsessivelydocumenting one ' s meals could be a signal of a larger dieting problem . "
agent  -  based modeling and simulation  ( abms )  is the methodology for complex systems . 
"xiong said :   "" it is inappropriate for them to rush to get their own car or apartment as their savings are limited .  why can ' t they temporarily rent an apartment like many other young people in other countries ?  "" "
"introducing the properties of goggle type board plug valve , analyzing the characteristics of the valve , proposing the methods of improving sealing structure . "
they have also performed some laboratory tests by blowing on ice  - assisted rocks .  these simple tests support the ice  -  raft hypothesis . 
"fans remember michaels and macelroy as gold medallists who ,  in a bizarre turn of events ,  became banned from competition for life . "
that ' s why the case has been so tough
"but this does not matter ,  for ,  as he has often remarked ,  one is never too old to learn . "
"it will be really important .  it will be a great marketing hook .  "" "
"make the cover letter about the employer ,  not about you .  discuss how you can meet company needs and help solve its problems . "
the funny book had a laugh on every page . 
"“networking” is a term we use now in the business world to refer to making contacts ,  getting to know people who may help us in the future . "
"li ,  meanwhile ,  has exercised his programming skills by managing a server for more than three years .   "" my server was attacked by hackers several times ,  so i have had to learn how to deal with these invasions ,  ""  li said . "
"the instruction of the crown prince ,  though it has lost its reality sense with the dynasty dying out ,  has its important function of reference ,  if treated as a case study of domestic education . "
"vibration like your cell phone ,  but right by your clavicle bone . "
"and he alone will be loved by qingcheng ,  beauty of beauties"
"has a million times as much energy as a molecule of ,  say ,  coal , "
"i was initially hesitant about buying an e - reader  ( i use a kindle )  ,  because i enjoy reading books in their physical form .  but i was quickly won over by the convenience of doing all of my reading on the kindle . "
and now they ' re on the road to nowhere ! 
"in the latest issue of the literary review ,  several articles on redology have attracted my attention . "
"fairly quickly ,  however ,  listeners warmed to byrd and frescobaldi ,  rameau and ritter ;  his own recordings ,  especially with nikolaus harnoncourt of all bach ' s cantatas ,  fanned the flame ;  and the early - music movement has flourished ever since . "
"fishplates are used for joining two rails together of same or different sections ,  it is also used when welded joints have fractured or which have become defective . "
don ' t try to grow up too fast . 
new technology like electronic trading meant that wall street ' s bread -  and  -  butter business of investment banking and trading stocks stopped making much money years ago . 
i ' d been in copenhagen for three years by then . 
"this is version eight of this software ,  and do you know what they put in version eight ? "
"i just think that ,  whatever you do ,  it ' s time you did some heavy lifting . "
"however ,  professor hutchins notes that a more recent ruling by the ninth circuit court disagreed . "
"dr bean ,  english art scholar ,  will speak for a few minutes  -  not too long  -  about our new purchase . "
that i decided that i was going to give up riding and driving in motorized vehicles . 
"before considering these legal restrictions on development ,  an understanding of their rationale is helpful . "
"because fight affray ,  participate in illegal activity and send the ill ,  medical treatment charge that be sent or violates family planning to set place happening not to grant allowance . "
a viewer from miami wrote :   ' i ' ve had the pleasure of tipping this man !  ' 
"so they took me to the barn ,  up into the loft ,  and there was my oldest brother dan with alice . "
"on the other hand ,  in the case of great health dangers of modern times — mercury ,  lead ,  tobacco ,  asbestos — journalists were too slow to blow the whistle . "
so how are we supposed to know who mr .  right is ? 
don ' t carry on living this pace :  you ' ll wind up with a nervous breakdown
would it bother you if the rest of the world didn ' t find her attractive ? 
working with artists brings other benefits than just cash . 
“the positive news is there has been production in 40 of the 44 african countries for which we were able to estimate change . 
"there was a crazy line in there about how there ' s no conduct in this county , "
"the exchanging of political favors ,  especially the trading of influence or votes among legislators to achieve passage of projects that are of interest to one another . "
"taken aback by illidan ' s power ,  malfurion decided that illidan was too dangerous to be left free . "
"maputo ,  mozambique ,  23 dec–british companies were responsible for the largest chunk of foreign investment in mozambique during the first half of 2005 ,  pumping some 22 million euros into the southeast african country ,  according to official figures . "
" "" we don ' t have rights to slide over into the federal prison system ,  ""  pustelnik said . "
"but he was the virtual dictator of the province ,  with administrative as well as military power gathered in his hands . in league with the imperialists ,  he maintained a separatist feudal -  militarist regime in his locality . "
"if the landscape is hidden from view ,  you can enjoy the extraordinary sight of unbroken floodplain that stretch out for miles before you ,  while the sunshines brilliantly in a clear sky . "
"mercent corp .  ,  the company that provides the software used by cookie ' s ,  says it changes the price of two million products an hour .  mercent says it makes price decisions based on a variety of factors such as competitors '  prices ,  competitors '  shipping prices and seasonal sales .  retailers pick their settings to determine how frequently prices are adjusted ,  which products are tracked and which competing websites are ignored . "
the static keyword will simply try to resolve the call in the current class instead of the class the function was defined in . 
just a fancy way they have of saying that the changes are not all just gradual . 
i ' m curious to know exactly how you are
"it was a strange thing stops if to make in the way of the war ,  that not yet it was earns ,  with an important ally ,  but made it . "
the firm has to overcome its resistance to new technology . 
at approximately nine o’clock this morning there was an active shooter that was taft union high school which is about 20 miles west of bakersfield which is a bigger city here in california .  two people were shot . 
"and then the plan itself evolved in relationship to the exhibits , "
congress has given itself another two months to decide on how to cut the federal budget . 
"he grasped the social instabilities of the middle east ,  and sensed that they would burst out in new ways once the cold war ended . "
"most colombian exports enter the united states duty free .  but the 9 , 000 u . s .  businesses selling goods and services in colombia still face stiff tariffs . "
when the two sides in an important industrial dispute reach deadlock the secretary of state may attempt to mediate between them . 
" "" never lose a chance of saying a kind word .  ""  - william makepeace thackeray"
objective to summerize the experience in the diagnosis and treatment of ectopic molar pregnancy methods clinical data of 3 cases of women with ectopic hydatidiform mole in peking union medical college hospital were analyzed retrospectively results the clinical characteritics of ectopic molar pregnancy depend upon the site of the disease it can be metastasized distantly in early stage digital subtraction angiography ? 
and it confirms the variety and dosage of stabilizing agent through stability testing . 
"in tripoli ,  a northern lebanese city ,  sunni sheikh walid taboush says russia has lost support throughout the arab world . "
"clarifying he did not “talk to little green men every night” ,  he said :  “we have a remit that we have never satisfied .  that is ,  we do not now  ( sic )  if ufos exist . "
queen honeybees have an equally enchanting way of ascending to the throne . 
and now i don ' t actually mean the world that we live in . 
can i delegate some of my other work to make room for this assignment ? 
so it ' s necessary to study on a suitable and reliable grouting material . 
"he keeps expanding his business portfolio ,  which now includes a life - insurance firm . "
"it also recommends that for 1993 ,  monaco should be assessed at seven twelfths of that rate ,  and its actual assessments should be taken into account as miscellaneous income under regulation 5 . 2 ( c )  of the financial regulations and rules of the united nations .  "" "
"melrose is the exception in this day and age ,  where most people know lesbian ,  gay ,  bisexual and transgender people as real people ,  as members of their family ,  or as their friends and co  - workers . "
"how does anonymization work ?  a website uses a formula to turn its users '  email addresses into jumbled strings of numbers and letters .  an advertiser does the same with its customer email lists .  both then send their jumbled lists to a third company that looks for matches .  when two match ,  the website can show an ad targeted to a specific person ,  but no real email addresses changed hands . "
what i want is his proof of her lunatic .  .  .  at all cost . 
"we visited every house in india ,  searching for smallpox  -  -  120 million houses , "
i am afraid that the corruption in this current government can no longer be tolerated . 
"first ,  we check to see that the coast is clear . "
and that was six months after he ' d had a stroke . 
"famine will return ,  and death ,  and citizens will grieve for their townships . "
"to this end ,  he and his colleagues have sequenced the dna of both neanderthal man and an asian species of prehistoric human , "
"they run some more of the numbers ,  and at the end of about three or four weeks , "
" , and produce countless image ,  mirage ,  “simulacrum” , so that milan kundera has proposed one word of “imagology ” in immortal -  -  -  - the image has become one kind of ideology . "
" "" le ' s go out on the porch and i ' ll tell you where we were .  "" "
i have a blister on my heel because my shoe is too tight . 
"with precarious living conditions ,  the residents cannot help but steal power from the grid . "
"and you can also tell ,  because of the sharp edges"
atalanta defender leonardo talamonti admits he hopes to return to former club lazio in the future . 
"i swear on my son ' s life ,  i didn ' t ! "
"sith alchemical experimentations further mutated the massassi ,  turning them into dark side - wielding savages . "
these assets give us the power to attain the most and the best results for health . 
the premium and charges on this assurance was carried to your debit in the sum of ￡52 . 
"healing and repairing skin tissue after burns ,  including sunburn . "
but we do not want it to rain too hard .  we do not want it to rain cats and dogs . 
american and international financial markets are welcoming word that the u . s .  government is taking over two troubled institutions that back roughly half the country ' s home mortgages .  the bush administration says it took the action reluctantly to head off a fiscal crisis . 
"to kingcomix come to the hoxton on the 22nd ,  we ' ll be playing new songs . "
"guo xin ,  26 ,  is one of them .  guo has worked in the advertising industry for four years since graduating from college . "
"i ' ve just been plugging my latest book in the us .  writing books ,  i ' ve discovered over the years ,  is like running a small international business .  being an author teaches you something about how the world works . "
russia is vehemently opposed to the further eastward expansion of nato to two large former soviet republics . 
can you at least attempt to control your thoughts ? 
but that .  .  .  was not hold tight by those persons who pursue you for the sake however i even hope you to was not pursue by the others . 
many people think that fitness means having the body of a body builder . 
49 .  the wa rate is the average of the last annual mer and two pare rates which are exchange rates of the last two years that are updated to the present year with the help of price indices . 
he still smokes despite the continual warnings of his doctor . 
"solid state electronic circuitry assures years of dependable ,  trouble  -  free operation . "
we ' re going to stay with uncle philly at the lake for a few weeks . 
"with an area of some 710 , 000 square meters ,  the plot of land ,  which is the second - largest in the whole of cotai ,  is located next to the projects being developed by las vegas sands ,  which owns the venetian ,  and in which several hotels ,  retail and entertainment areas are being built as well as macau studio city . "
"dr meyer ' s and dr elbert ' s study ,  published in translational psychiatry ,  offers a clue . "
you can be sure that one of our priorities .  .  . 
i ` ve been telling these bitches all about you . 
it would be a great stretch for me . 
the liberal democratic party will choose its contender for prime minister september 26 . 
"speaking at the maks air show outside moscow ,  alexander zelin said :   "" for the time being the aircraft will use saturn engines . "
"with a need to tighten fiscal policy by at least ￡100bn  ( 7 per cent of gdp )  ,  the uk must implement all the efficiency savings it can imagine ,  plus real - terms cuts to public sector pay bills and services ,  plus tax increases . "
the international community has supported the carrot - and - stick approach .  world leaders say they will not allow northern mali to become a haven for terrorists . 
"had these people tipped a tanker load of bleach into the headwaters of the river finn ,  they would have done less damage . "
"whisky straight up would be just whisky ,  nothing else :  no ice ,  no other alcohol ,  no other beverage . "
i didn ' t know you have cousins of different races
"there is no wet operations ,  no restriction by local material shortage and local labor working quality . "
the memorial is expected to cost around  $ 4 . 5 million dollars . 
it is not usual to start an email to whom it may concern .  this should be reserved for letters of reference or similar communications when the recipient is an unknown third party . 
food onshore is very limited and there is simply nothing comparable to a seal that provides a polar bear with fat and energy . 
"which ,  as many of you know ,  has been very non - controversial  -  - "
"but i ' m going to tell you another story from montana , "
she says she ' s unable to give up smoking ;  she ' s completely addicted . 
letting people know there are some new and surprising things in the flint area . 
a sergeant went from door to door requisitioning bullets for the men . 
"macau ,  china ,  12 dec  - turnover in macau ' s clothing and textiles industry is expected to drop at least 20 per cent this year as the sector continues to fight for survival ,  the vice - chairman of the industrial association of macau ,  jos étang kuan meng ,  told news agency macaunews . "
"the  "" on ""  state represents one type of binary digit  ( a one ,  say )  and the  "" off ""  state represents the other  ( zero )  . "
"results at 2 hours and 24 hours af - ter mcao , the scores of neurological behavior in tongxinluo and aspirin preconditioning group were the lowest among the fivegroups  ( pter mcao between tongxinluo preconditioning group and as -  pirin preconditioning group  ( p > 0 . 05 )  , which in aspirin preconditioning group was obviously lower at 24 hours after mcao thanthat of tongxinluo preconditioning group  ( p"
do you know the martyrs ' cross at dentwich forest ? 
" ' people should ask themselves if a u . s .  green card is what they really want ,  '  said erik wallace ,  a hong kong - based lawyer at withers .   ' if not ,  there are other options available .  ' "
"the ichthyosaur remains are found in black , bituminousmarine shales deposited about 190 million years ago . "
"i am ,  god help me ,  all unworthy ,  but your mirth is a deadly sin . "
"and so we ' re starting up a program to do out - of - print works ,  but loaning them . "
"and you ' ve got to start banishing a word that ' s called  "" entitlement .  "" "
"a leading guess is a combination of geothermal heat ,  large doses of salt  ( which lowered the freezing temperature )  and a protective covering of ice . "
whether can zun eat after stream of people piece medicine ? 
" ' we believe people give more precise answers via texting because there ' s just not the time pressure in a largely asynchronous mode like text that there is in phone interviews ,  '  says conrad . "
"small  -  cell lung cancer is notorious for the presence of bony metastases ,  so bone scanning is useful in both staging and follow up . "
and they might be a nurturing god .  they might be boot - strapping life
"dear annie :  i just graduated from college and have not yet received a job offer ,  but my fiancée got a great job ,  which she ' s starting in a couple of weeks .  the only thing is ,  it ' s on the other side of the country and ,  while i ' m excited about making the move ,  i ' m a little nervous about looking for a job in a place where i don ' t know anyone .  i do have a summer job here ,  which i committed to taking before she got the news about her offer ,  so i won ' t be moving until september .  what should i be doing in the meantime to make sure i ' m not just riding her coattails when i get there ?  — farewell to beantown"
"economic growth should fall slightly this year by 6 . 0 percent ,  a rate which should be maintained over the next two or three years ,  according to projections by the imf . "
money put into the credit cards is at call . 
our effort is only to make gaea decide . 
"diagnose him ,  fix him and keep him here . "
"finally ,  the precise ball cup shape provides smooth suspension action with a minimum of friction and play . "
"from boarding kindergarten ,  they are likely to go on to a boarding school and then ,  the hope is ,  they will win a place at a good university . "
can we hope for a continuance of this fine weather ?  . 
is a competition  -  -  to anybody watching this as a film  -  - 
i ' m really scared .  i don ' t think we ' re going to make it . 
"if he tipped jenny a wink ,  she ' d drop in that day ,  he was sure she would . "
"read a classic novel you adored in high school ,  go to a local community theater to enjoy a racy comedy or shakespearean tragedy ,  and exercise at least every other day to keep your mind and body at the top of their game . "
and what it had to do to produce that amount of energy . 
"i can ' t even say ,  it ' s so awful . "
"shortly before his confirmation as china ' s ""  paramount leader ""  in 1978 ,  deng xiaoping paid a visit to fast growing singapore . "
"of course ,  there is an energy thread running through these deals . "
"there ' s a baby inside ,  get it ,   -  please ,  he ' s sick ,  don ' t hurt him ,  please , "
"jude said good  -  bye ,  and went away into the darkness . "
you don ' t have to yell at me about such a small matter . 
"the four species allocate a high proportion of carbon to reproductive output and was 62 . 3 %  ,  51 . 9 %  ,  54 . 3 %  and 58 . 3 %  for the four species ,  and the absolute measures of reproductive output were size -  dependent . "
" "" it would leave iran as a threshold nuclear power ,  ""  he said . "
"how many times have you checked it today yet ,  most of it is inconsistent ,  unimportant ,  or inconsequential . "
"and the integration that happened is on a film , "
smelling the roses :  scientists found that having difficulty identifying familiar smells in old age could beassociated with an increased risk ofdeath . 
"also ,  my father has never lost his shirt in a business deal .  he is too smart to lose all or most of his money .  this is because my father rolls up his sleeves and prepares to work hard .  he often has a special plan or answer to a problem that he can use if he needs it .  he is like a person who does magic tricks .  we say he has a card up his sleeve . "
but let ' s have a conversation about this . 
you decide when you want to be distracted by the tv . 
"oh ,  let ' s hope they shoot at me . "
objective :  to summarize the causes and therapeutic countermeasures of refractory common cold . 
you are charged with importing a iarge quantity of narcotics . 
"meet an incredibly sweet ,  smart ,  sexy man . "
"the amount of cargo processed at the airport fell 20 percent in the first quarter of 2007 against the same period of 2006 to 42 , 935 tons ,  the same fall seen in airmail ,  which between january and march totaled 46 tons . "
what are you gonna do in there ? 
didn ' t you bring anything for the rain ? 
i ' ll compare these solutions in detail later in this series . 
do you know what time the bus to posadas leaves ? 
one only chooses bitterness when the alternative is even bitterer . 
"for mere amusement among ourselves ,  we should want nothing more . "
you were with house when it happened -  -  to his leg ? 
"the loan ,  which will not begin to be repaid for 10 years ,  has a 40 year maturity . "
meaning – customers who use our product to make money should pay for it .  period . 
"there ' s guilt associated with being a quitter ;  if we throw in the towel ,  it means there ' s something wrong with us . "
"for both ethanol and biodiesel ,  congress has mandated a near double of production by 2012 . "
"the most important of these nutrients are the macronutrients :  proteins ,  carbohydrates and fats . "
"it ' s a model other foreigners have tried to replicate when investing in chinese financial institutions ,  but they have often found that the minority shareholder status results in them being sidelined despite good intentions at the deal ' s inception . "
almost no overlap .  almost no overlap .  and what has happened ? 
"the address ,  rivington street ,  between essex and norfolk . "
"the boss ,  teacher .  .  .  and father are one . "
to develop a new sign that identifies this new social group . 
seats are still available on the aircraft because there are several no  -  show . 
you don ' t knowyour way around in the house . 
62 percent of our population is below the age of 24 . 
"i have heard people passing by night in sleeping cities ;  some of them sang ;  one ,  i remember ,  played loudly on the bagpipes . "
i ' il have a much better idea of where you ' re going . 
"in putting this together ,  watching the crowds that gathered at saint paul  -  - "
it makes us feel like we ' il still be part of your lives even after we ' re gone . 
so it ' s been a pleasure .  thank you very much . 
certain that the maelstrom of words will not spirit me away . 
"the per capita disposable income of urban residents rose by 7 %  in real terms ,  and the per capita net income of rural residents rose by 9 . 3 %  in real terms .  the number of rural people living in poverty was reduced by 16 . 5 million and the urban - rural income gap continued to narrow . "
"in the mountainus are the water fluoride was low ,  and the rate of mottled enamel of schoolchildren wasless than 30 %  . "
don ' t come to me for everything .  go find the answer yourself .  use your noodle . 
"if we ' re going to find a perfect pair of lips ,  we ' re going to need a lot more help . "
only if i could have just a few words with him . 
"but while the nongmingong will garner a good deal of attention ,  bernanke will be on the cover of the magazine ,  in recognition of his maneuvering of us monetary policy that helped steer the world ' s largest economy out of the financial crisis . "
"indeed ,  a more charitable view at the phenomenon has to acknowledge that the chinese educational system puts intensive pressure on students ,  without much in the way of accolades for their achievements .  and then comes the often - harsh reality of working life :  major competition for jobs ,  crowding into tiny apartments with roommates to save money ,  and the typical single - child onus of providing for aging parents . "
what i ' m going to talk to you about tonight is stuff we might do if we did nothing . 
"former activist tun kyaw nyein ,  the son of former deputy prime minister u kyaw nyein ,  is now a member of the independent ,  pro - democracy burma strategy group . "
i would kill for a bit  -  part in a hollywood movie because maybe someone would notice me and then i would be famous . 
"i have never ,  not once ,  been successful with an investment in a company that raised a boatload of money before it found traction and product market fit with its primary product . "
"good morning .  mr .  president ,  mr .  secretary general ,  fellow delegates ,  ladies and gentlemen ,  it is my honor to address you for the first time as the 44th president of the united states .   ( applause .  )  i come before you humbled by the responsibility that the american people have placed upon me ,  mindful of the enormous challenges of our moment in history ,  and determined to act boldly and collectively on behalf of justice and prosperity at home and abroad . "
that ' s freely available to anyone in the world in their own language . 
something my brother used to listen to . 
"he has also accepted her back in his room and he says that he does love her a lot ,  their aunty then decides to make sagar and vidya closer that vidya should say she is pregnant and vidya does so . "
"changing my environment .  usually a coffee shop or even moving to another room in the house does the trick .  however ,  if that doesn ' t work i …"
"he needed rime to think ,  to trace back all of what had happened ,  the same way he might untangle a fishing line on a reel .  maybe then find a way out of the trouble . "
you don ' t have time to think . 
"if the genes that cause this mobility could be turned off ,  it would slow a cancer’s spread . "
"washington ,  united states ,  23 june–the international monetary fund ( imf )  said friday in washington ( imf )  that it would provide sao tome and principe with us $ 680 , 000 ,  which will deplete the funding available under the terms of the current bilateral cooperation mechanism . "
"the boy ' s father ,  han wen ,  gushed ,   ' he ' s always as good as he was today .  ' "
" "" so i think there will be ,  at least i think 48 hours or 72 hours before you fly or even more ,  you will have to go through a registration through a central computer system that gives them more time to check up on people ,  ""  he added . "
the quake was felt in bolivia and peru .  it also led to tsunami warnings as far as japan .  the warnings were cancelled hours later . 
and so you too can type in any word or phrase that you ' re interested in
jim appeared a few minutes before the end of the party . 
"the cycle unfolds not just cinematically ,  but also through the photographs ,  drawings ,  sculptures ,  and installations primarydifference . "
"leaving behind families and homes to migrate to china ' s cities ,  they take on largely manual work and are among the country ' s lowest - paid workers . "
"well ,  some of us would be eating those chocolates instead of passing them around ,  and instead of accumulating , "
you wouldn ' t want it marrying your sister . 
"having the peers actually be able to interact with each other , "
"in the world of 4shbab ,  it ' s not about bump and grind . "
shame there are all these children around . 
"1 . to analyze clinical roatures of unkyloslng spondylltls  ( as ) and to discuss curly diagnosis of as ,  so as to elevatediagnostic level of as . "
molloy ' s research reveals these additional facts that can help wanna  -  be brides choose a man who ' s the marrying kind and nurture a relationship toward bended knee . 
the success of small and medium enterprise is an important priority in the hemisphere for the united states . 
the police are anxious to interview everyone concerned in last night ' s accident . 
"and at that point ,  i read a book by frank barnaby , "
"i want a dress like that one ,  but it must be my size . "
"lf he doesn ' t pay tomorrow ,  you pay . "
"in the past ,  girls were usually knocked out of the running for the job and college perks their place in the family should have accorded them . "
you were disarmed because you hold the hilt too tight . 
"damien hirst may be rich and famous ,  but he does not have everything . "
"luanda ,  angola ,  9 feb–brazilian construction company camargo corr êa is building a road between sapu and the outer motorway ,  which is one of the access road to the luanda soccer stadium that is the venue for some of the games of the africa cup of nations championship ,  according to angolan news agency angop . "
"which ice - cream flavour do you like ,  vanilla , chocolate or mango ? "
"much of urban britain has a rundown ,  worn  - out look about it ,  and london has become western europe ' s shabbiest ,  dirtiest capital . "
"go over there to mommy ,  all right ? "
"i keep telling her that ,  and she doesn ' t want to . "
how we ' ve needed this extra pair of hands . 
the whole of mnu is gonna come down here . 
comic book store ' s still afloat .  .  .  but the geeks aren ' t biting like the old days . 
in myths and all sorts of other irrational modes of thinking . 
 *  i ' m too old .  how old are you ?  how old is too old and who told you that you ' re too old ?  and you believe them ? 
the confederates raise their muskets and prepare a volley of fire . 
"if interest rates are below the rate of inflation ,  savings rates are affected negatively . "
"why ,  i do the only haunted swamp tour ! "
"in fact ,  forgetting is a very active process ,  albeit ' subconscious ,  neuroscientists say . "
researchers have developed a medical device which they say can find malaria infections in the human body . 
chapter two gave out ica model and its custom implementation from the point of view of contrast function and optimisation algorithm firstly . 
gets weaker .  and what you see is the standard model  -  - 
"there are chords in the human heart  -  strange ,  varying strings  -  which are only struck by accident . "
"if you know that some tasks are coming up as due and you have a lot of work to do on them ,  take out your calendar and schedule some time blocks .  this will give you a set time to work and help you beat procrastination . "
"when hedge funds do bail on the trade ,  that would cause china to dip into its dollar reserves and buy yuan . "
"what ' s beautiful is ,  you can probably see on the limb there"
"i should just put it bluntly ,  because we ' re all sort of friends here now  -  - "
"came in through the fire escape ,  i suppose . "
has your peaceful nature led you on a crusade ? 
we had a heart to heart talk and pointed out one another ' s shortcomings . 
it ' s used for operations and dental work . 
"the former u . s .  president explained that he is not a mediator between any two parties nor is he representing the u . s . government during this trip .  despite his unofficial tour of the region ,  mr . carter met with egyptian president hosni mubarak and egypt ' s intelligence chief omar suleiman .  he has planned meetings in damascus friday with syrian president bashar al - assad as well as hamas '  top leader khaled meshaal . "
it would mean that i upheld the name of the jaturungkabart . 
due to checking the fire protection system from 9：00am to 17：00pm on 18rd july in the leftbank .  please stay calm while hear the fire alarm . 
her desolation is greater now that the children are away . 
"great deliverance giveth he to his king ;  and sheweth mercy to his anointed ,  to david ,  and to his seed for evermore . "
"real good numbers out of phoenix ,  ry guy . "
" ' we found that older adults reported greater positive emotion than younger adults ,  and older adults were more likely to be morning - type people than younger adults ,  '  study researcher renee biss from the university of toronto reportedly told livescience .  the  "" morningness ""  was associated with greater happiness emotions in both age groups . "
your subservience will be the death of you . 
"i ' m not gonna like you ,  am i ? "
into a sort of frank gehry thing that reflects light in all directions . 
"now ,  jane goodall has here a play face along with one of her favorite chimps . "
every room in the hotel has a private bathroom . 
acetylacetone is mainly used in synthesis of medicine and intermediates and has broad field of application . 
six times in half as many weeks  .  .  . 
the nearest star to earth is about 4 light years away . 
"wearingstilettospushes and twists bones out of line ,  resulting inknobblybunionsand other painful conditions . "
the department of education reported last year that about two - thirds of graduates from four - year colleges had student loan debt . 
how could people localize the details of the final fault spot up to the component in advance ? 
do you know what kind of train this is ? 
"other experts ,  however ,  are reserving judgement until independent tests are carried out . "
"the kaikoura peninsula may not have reindeer ,  but it is teeming with sperm whales ,  fur seals ,  dusky dolphins ,  pilot whales ,  and albatross in kaikoura bay . "
"india is relatively stronger in skill - intensive services :  the ratio of trade in services to gdp was 15 per cent ,  against 7 per cent for china . "
"interships are made up of three types :  teaching ,  rearch ,  and graduate . "
"if no vice presidential candidate wins a majority of electoral votes ,  the senate selects the vice president by majority vote ,  with each senator choosing from the two candidates who received the greatest number of electoral votes . "
"that we had built ,  just as the school connected it to the internet . "
i decided to do some internet searching on my phone .  reports of defections from these places are actually pretty few and far between . 
he ' s turned a deaf ear to your lip - service prayers . 
not hard to imagine .  my company has software that does this right now . 
that ' s why the military developed dream sharing . 
"at the white house president bush told reporters the concerns of soldiers heading into battle are being addressed .   "" we expect our troops to have the best possible equipment .  and if i were a soldier overseas wanting to defend my country ,  i would want to ask the secretary of defense the same question ,  ""  he said . "
but one of the convenient things about being an arthropod
"when you wake up in the morning you see the world differently ,  as if you were standing on a chair . "
the research on fracture spacing is a key stage in oil and gas exploration . 
you don ' t know if a squirrel has peed on it . 
a novel locus of spg was mapped to 1p21 . 3 - p31 . 2  ( maximum lod score = 2 . 62 at θ = 0 . 00 ;  )  within a region of about 9 . 08cm flanked by markers d1s2865 and d1s2753 ; 
someday i want to do more than look at the stars . 
"if you like ,  top with 3 tablespoons freshly grated parmesan and / or red pepper flakes to taste . "
"finding two galaxy clusters in collision is nothing new .  in fact ,  at the same meeting another team of astronomers led by william dawson of the university of california ,  davis ,  announced the discovery of the musket ball cluster ,  somewhat closer to earth ,  which also consists of two smaller clusters in the process of merging .  but el gordo is the most massive and the hottest cluster found so far at this relatively early stage in cosmic history . "
"the low point for the estate - tax rate came in 2010 ,  when it was effectively zero - thanks to political dysfunction on capitol hill that led to a one - year hiatus on the tax . "
faith lapidus :  no one knows exactly when humans first developed soap . 
what ' s new is that that process has typically taken days or months of analysis . 
come around here and let me have a look at you . 
do you think it a good habit to read in bed ? 
trojan soldiers died trying to protect you . 
"he ate these listening anxiously for the sound ,  walking round and round his cell ,  shaking the iron bars of the loophole ,  restoring vigor and agility to his limbs by exercise ,  and so preparing himself for his future destiny . "
"melodic improvisation .  although flamenco singing is not ,  properly speaking ,  improvised ,  but based on a relatively small number of traditional songs ,  singers add variations on the spur of the moment . "
"in short ,  abstraction can be both our friend ,  as well as our enemy . "
"as if that wasn ' t bad enough ,  garriot also wasn ' t allowed to wile away the gameless hours in orbit listening to his ipod either ,  as apparently the lithium battery was considered a fire hazard . "
we ' re changed not only by lived experience but also by read experience – by the books that we ' ve discovered since last reading the one in our hand . 
"if oracle prevails ,  google may have to reach a settlement with mr ellison ' s firm so it does not have to cut the offending apis from android ,  which would cause huge disruption . "
you need to have a source of condensed caloric energy . 
all chanyuan celestials should educate themselves in this aspect . 
the british women ' s team - shauna mullin and zara dampney - will play their opening match against canada at 5 . 30 pm on sunday while the men ' s team of john garcia - thompson and steve grotowski will play canada on saturday at 4 . 30 . 
baroness ashton met the rights activists on saturday during her first visit to the country . 
"um ,  can we talk about the other night ? "
arsenal ' s interest in sevilla players has seen them make a move for brazilian striker julio baptista . 
so you went to hopkins for both undergrad and med school ? 
"of those with high blood pressure ,  69 %  are receiving treatment ,  yet ,  only 45 %  have their blood pressure controlled . "
like all of the individuals with whom they are interacting  -  - 
same thing happened to me when i played neil armstrong in moonshot . 
"miss franny ,  i ' ve got this friend named gloria dump .  .  . "
we just need a minimum amount of professionalism . 
the visitors to venice notice at once the absence of noise . 
"now that you ' re in with him ,  you can ' t do me a favor ? "
"a doctor has latex gloves in his trash can ,  big deal . "
"for valentine ' s day ,  think of simple and romantic pieces like a heart - shapedpendantor sterling - silver ring . "
i ' m betting he can find us down there . 
"he set off at 16 ,  a seemingly conventional young man ,  to make his way as a dealer first in the hague and then ,  via paris ,  in london . "
"the past few years ,  however ,  have witnessed more pop artists jumping on the bandwagon of christmas music . "
"that ' s partly because its green virtues do not show up in its costs ,  since fossil  -  fuel power generation does not pay for the environmental damage it does . "
"i need some research and report about kerberos public key ,  md 5 hash of request ,  etc . "
and i find more new words on boingboing in a given week
it then loads kernels or the boot sectors of other operating systems . 
and we women are going to lead the way
walk down the path a little way . 
this paper describes the technique adopted in the construction of the cement - stabilized sand gravel base of the urban roads in the city of yinchuan . 
a player may go out of bounds to keep the ball in play . 
initially i thought master liao ' s kung fu is good but he didn ' t even have a chance to attack
"then ,  politely excuse yourself from the interview without commenting on her behavior . "
 #  threatening the life it belongs to
"pump after pump ,  the energy you burn in your legs increases your swing ' s potential energy .  that extra height will add up ,  giving you a wilder swing ride . "
"lf someone hadn ' t called in an anonymous tip ,  he might not ever have survived . "
"the paper mainly analyses the cause of crumble ,  discusses the effective control of the timber crumble and the application of the rule of parallelogram in the process of manufacture . "
"and people who are deliberating  -  -   "" should i return it ? "
"a 1992 federal law requires all shower heads to be “low flow ,  ” which means 2 . 5 gallons shoot out every minute it’s on . "
"she raced around chasing imaginary mice and squirrels and vaulted from table to chair in the blink of an eye ,  so we named her lightning . "
"the culture of secret society is also characterized as morbid culture ,  which is unsystematic and anticultural . "
in stone huts at the base of glaciers for 18 years : 
"he said ,   "" god ,  god ,  god ""  .  .  .  three or four times . "
"if you have to stay in a recently painted room ,  you should consider wearing an activated charcoal mask to protect yourself against formaldehyde and benzol .  activated charcoal is efficient at absorbing such carbon - based impurities . "
"you see actually ,  by rolling over each individual one , "
but we could see whether it was going to work for humberto . 
if anyone would like to look at it and play with it . 
"they ' il mail them to him ,  then he ' il give them to me . "
b :  you can get on the internet in the vip lounge .  that ' s the best time to kill time . 
"the intrepid couple gave up well - paid jobs as a teacher and caseworker for the parliamentary and health service ombudsman before leaving their chickens and cat at their home in forest hill ,  south east london ,  with friends who will spend the next two years house - sitting . "
"you know ,  it was actually pretty even . "
philosophy majors also score highest among disciplines in verbal reasoning and analytical writing on the gre aptitude test . 
"s :  this paper depicts the reasons of damage to the movable and motionless contacts of the indoor cart type circuit breaker through analysis and calculation of the fault of the circuit breaker ,  and further describes that it is insufficient to carrying out the with - standing tests of peak current and short time current as the type tests of the circuit breaker ,  it is necessary to add the test of temperature - rise at rated current in order to avoid the occurrence of such fault . "
"rio de janeiro ,  brazil ,  aug 30–emerging nations are taking on an increasingly significant role in world steel production and are expected to lead the market by 2010 ,  according to projections published tuesday by the technical director of the brazilian steelworking institute ( ibs )  and reported by the online version of newspaper ,  estad ão . "
the democratic faction he tells us believes because all are equal in some respects they should be equal in all respects . 
islands are scattered all along china ' s coastline like stars in the sky . 
"well ,  then ,  no ,  it ' s not your height . "
"after all ,  the less time one spends in some undesired state ,  the better . "
i got involved in a quarrel about the price . 
"he is a great music all -  rounder ,  the lyricist ,  composer ,  scene production ,  arranging ,  singing ,  dancing ,  playing musical instruments ,  etc .  all have…"
the opposition parties have called for a re  -  run of all the elections . 
he wondered what she was doing on earth . 
" [ size = 2 ]  [ color =  magenta  ] 1 )  i love you not because of who you are ,  but because of who i am when i am with you . "
"the same number of colonies have existed in the country , "
objective :  to screen the best method of extraction of total isoflavones from trifolium pretense l . 
mr snyder ' s book straightens the record in favour of the voiceless and forgotten . 
there is a group of monkeys in the innermost depths of the forest . 
"in a second study ,  french researchers reported on exercise and dementia in women with heart risks like obesity or diabetes . "
"next time you find yourself stuck in conversation ,  just say what is on your mind . "
"no ,  why don ' t we deal with it right now ? "
many of you have been there .  it ' s not the real china . 
it ' s about the last thing i remember . 
any tendency to beat up on yourself or call yourself names blocks creativity . 
it is to find a wonderland that keeps a natural savageness and set myself free there . 
based on the investigation of the environmental na tural radioactivity level the road penetrating radiation dosage level covering t he whole city were analyzed and studied．the results show :  ( 1 ) the road land γ ra dia tion dosage rate is ( 6．43±1．21 ) ×10 - 8 gyh - 1 ；
"in particular ,  ties between the two countries on emergency - related search and rescue are ' woefully inadequate ,  '  he said . "
"you are gonna fail what did  "" you ""  say ? "
tens of thousands of egyptians have joined rallies in cairo and alexandria to denounce what they see as moves by the military authorities to entrench their power . 
"raylou kept the mike above my head ,  and my mother shot for a good half hour in silence . "
and thousands have sent photographs and testimonials documenting the chinese experience in the united states . 
she said :   ' we used social media to contact celebrities — we tweeted a lot of them or went through their pr . 
"from the aspect of space cognition ,  this paper divides the human ,  land and housing in the historical quarters into the four levels of building ,  courtyard ,  zone  ( neighbor )  and street lane with the degree of substantial space ,  combines the geographical information system and propose the new method of conservation and rehabilitation in historical quarters based on gis technology . "
objective : to observe the effects of bak in anterior decompress and the cervical inter - body fusion . 
"and so they bring in this big ,  clunky analog tape recorder"
"now ,  this is not going to impress you guys who photoshop ,  and can do stuff , "
we have some students who enter on an athletic team and stay all four years with that team . 
i was awakened out of my musings by the thunderous applause when we entered the stadium . 
"i am a very handsome ,  very intelligent boy .  i have big eyes ,  an aquiline nose and a big mouth . "
it ' should be cavalry jian .  the copper nail on grip has nomadism style . 
"after two years ,  we pulled together some survey data from another 10 , 000 children , "
"like if i blackberry messenger him ,  and i can see that he read it ,  that drives me crazy . "
i suppose it was strange for a boy ' s father to wear an apron – even one with race cars – but i never thought much of it until the day that dad broke with tradition . 
"we know ourselves how to begin with good humor the day ,  do they remember the  "" good morning ?  "" "
i got us a meeting with the giants . 
you said he had a pretty face . 
"while broccoli is the best known  ( and loved or hated )  ,  and cabbage has been on the radar for awhile ,  these two round out the category . "
"just as i am leaving ,  the bus driver says :   "" don ' t forget your picture !  "" "
"lt ' s the harvest season now ,  so the sun rises just south of due east . "
it ' s true that the collar is too big . 
"some suffer from depression ,  explains fu chunsheng ,  deputy director of the mianyang office of the government  -  affiliated chinese academy of sciences project for which zhang works . "
i didn ' t know he was gonna rub his cheek on it ! 
"the difference was not significant about the effect of different stunning methods on rabbit ld muscle color l * value (  lightness  )  , a * value , b * value and rabbit bf (  crus biceps femoris )  muscle color l * value、a * value for 1 hour after slaughter . "
"i experience god on a daily basis .  .  .  and the miracle of life all around -  the miracle of birth ,  the miracle of love . "
a dealer who is doing that has stacked the deck . 
lunchtime and the “good kids ” made a beeline for it . 
your dad was a very handsome guy . 
"i am doing something ,  i ' m going to class . "
we are aliens in the eyes of some singaporeans  -  a feeling that is understandable . 
the japanese people also had a new pm to be today . 
"and the reason for this is that pigs are actually quite close to human beings , "
"and even though the number of connections is small ,  a large fraction of them are hubs in asia or north america , ” juanes stated . "
"the use of underwater blasting to demolish the wrack in a waterway is a rapid ,  effective and economical means . "
he ' il meet you at bj ' s on alvarado . 
"and i ' m going to walk on it ,  and you see i can walk on it without looking , "
" ""  .  .  . there is no place better than  "" 54 "" "
does it say anything on the tape ? 
"to develop xinjiang milk industry ,  it is necessary to made a own way of xinjiang milk industry ,  including improving the quality of milk with the scientific technique ,  building a base of the forage grass and fodder ,  improving the managerial situation of the milk cow and having a characteristic brand strategy which is fit for the market and avoids the shortcomings ,  according to the conditions of the deferent areas ,  the developing level of the current milk industry and the situation of the grassland ,  forage grass and fodder . "
"i tried to convey the fact that i needed somewhere safe to store my bicycle overnight ,  but finally had to beckon her to come outside with me . "
"imagining the apoplexy that would seize him if he read the petition ,  i hesitated for a moment before signing . "
in a lecture he gave in the fateful year of 1938 . 
i thought you listened to it . 
"if you do not specify this option in the configuration file ,  lilo will boot into the default os with no user interaction and no waiting . "
"chocks cleared ,  stop calling ,  hand signals from left  ( right )  ,  taxi out ,  good  -  bye . "
i am a terrible coward when it come to dealing with sick people . 
"whatever we need ,  you get it up and running and then i bring you in ,  see . "
"you don ' t think they saw this coming ,  ben ? "
"i bought dickan expensive pen ,  but he sold it for a song and then he lied tome ,  saying that he has lost it .  i really got irritated ! "
"big company ,  i ' m gonna work with somebody with money"
"he never takes advantage of another ' s helplessness or ignorance ,  and assumes that no gentleman will take advantage of him . "
the hospital provides special chamber pots for bedridden patients . 
"i mean ,  there ' s a lot of people in the room who are wealthy ,  and they ' ve got kids , "
"you can end up saving money ,  and lives ,  and oil ,  all at the same time . "
"the answer ,  of course ,  to which is a trade secret  -  - "
"speaking to scottich newspaper the evening news ,  the company ' s chief executive .  simon lockett said he had been“disappointed with‘espinafre 1 ' not reaching its expected targets . ”"
"and forests ,  as i did when i was a young girl . "
"do not worry ,  there are electronic organizers that make sounds to remind people of things they must do . "
so the idea is that we have this early period when we ' re completely protected . 
i was a bit taken aback by the question ;  my thought was why can ' t i support a referendum ? 
"these two rules were enough to reproduce in the model the sorts of behaviour seen in real crowds ,  such as the tendency people have to sort themselves spontaneously into separate lanes of traffic moving in opposite directions and the stop - and - go motion that occurs as crowds become more dense . "
" "" as the chinese nation faces its greatest peril .  "" "
modern urban business district is the key area of underground space development and utilization . 
mobile computing is actually good for many types of businesses where people need to be on the go . 
"now ,  that story i just told you is literally a whirlwind tour"
"i have this job interview in galena in 15 minutes , "
and it ' s got a lot to do with behavioral economics . 
"my great - grandfather ,  littmus w .  block ,  fought in that war . "
the internet is remarkable for the almost instantaneous speed at which it transmits information . 
"those who votedred are already down a mil .  "" "
"until his friends figure out how to do it ,  and then there we go . "
let ' s slow it down and you can see the spines in action . 
my girlfriend courtney and i went on this crazy ride for a guy . 
this is zion and we are not afraid ! 
"the imbalance induced by the interaction between the two antagonistic adrenoceptors lent a decisive influence on the hemodynamic changes of mh ,  i . e .  ,  the total peripheral resistance  ( dynes / sec / cm ~  (  - 5 )  ) changed from an "" inappropriate rise ""  to an apparently elevated one ( 1189±539 vs 859±332 ,  p"
“helicopter parents” are seen every year in newspapers and on television on college enrollment day . 
so they invent new categories ;  that biases inflation towards zero . 
"the system can also show a company areas where it lacks connections ,  as well as the impact a particular employee’s departure might have . "
the lower level employees thought it was very funny . 
the 3000 line is the first set of products with the lenovo brand and was presented in the united states and some latin american countries on february 23 . 
abel software is a new and highly efficient design tool of programmable logic devies  ( pld )  . 
"military dogs are awe  - inspiring creatures ,  especially when attached to elite troops like the navy seals . "
your father didn ' t die in a hunting accident . 
the amount of national income last year ran well over the estimate . 
" "" fill your hands ,  you son of a bitch !  "" "
general assembly president srgjan kerim says the full - day debate on the issue is the first time the general assembly has dealt with human trafficking in a comprehensive way . 
"notice for participants of aqua aerobics :  the classes will be held at swimming pool ,  please dress standard swimming suits and caps . "
it ' s based on our belief that the action of one person
obtaining an employee referral is a good as far as it goes . 
"6  -  picking your nose :  the unappealing but common habit of ingesting ' nasal detritus '  offers almost no nutritional benefit ,  so why do a quarter of teenagers do it ,  on average four times a day ?  some think it boosts the immune system . "
"and in the case of the whale hunt ,  also this idea of an excitement level . "
failure to comply with the new legislation could lead to fines of several thousand dollars . 
south korean people are renowned for their ability to enjoy life . 
no movement recorded in the elevators in the last hour . 
so you see everything :  it ' s exactly as a 7 - eleven would be . 
they will not die for many years . 
"margaret macmillan ,  a canadian historian whose masterly evocation of the paris peacemakers of 1919 has been a bestseller on both sides of the atlantic since it was published in 2001 ,  has now done fitting justice to another great diplomatic episode . "
"in this reactor ,  the biological catalyst is immobilized onto a solid column packing and contacted by the liquid containing the substrate .  a gas phase is also moved through the column to strip the volatile product into the gas phase . "
"stewart brand is here ,  and one of the ideas for this game came from him"
algeria has been reluctant to agree to such a plan . 
her leave adumbrative silicon valley will lose a most outstanding ceo . 
i could cope with examination about business subjects not relating to english so long as i recite before examination as i thought before . 
the data above can be used to predict relative reactivities and points of attack . 
the woman who lost the car keys had to hot  -  wire her van . 
why are general elections held on the tuesday after the first monday in november ? 
"rather than simply striking the occasional vogue pose ,  tsai vogued all the way through her video honey trap ,  creating another sizzling chapter in the ever - evolving vogue story . "
the baby cried loudly when he had emptied his bottle . 
"hers is a political voice and a strong one ,  yet light ,  cheerful and sly . "
mccain spoke near a bridge that was the scene of a famous civil rights march in 1965 when police attacked demonstrators with clubs and tear gas . 
"maybe he ' ll drop his drawers and give us a royal moon .  "" "
"once a relationship ends ,  you can ' t go back and change things no matter how much you want to ,  so it ' s best to stop beating yourself up about the past . "
happy500th episode :  five ways the simpsons changed the world
"describing the final agreement as“crucial for boosting relations between the two countries ,  ”campos pointed to next summer as the probable time for the transfer to official take place . "
"washington said the days when the world withstand quietly by ,  well one country forcibly seized the territory of another were long gone . "
"and form an alliance ,  which may last for decades . "
"he was trying to be helpful ,  but he rather overdid it . "
a maniac had gouged several holes in the priceless painting
"that is the staple food in the country ,  cut into the conversation . "
an even harder situation is to be on the platform in good time for a train and still to see it go off without you . 
"and as morning arrived ,  so did samantha ' s release . "
there are individuals in the current administration… who were looking for creative solutions to the war on terror . 
this dress is such a good style ;  it will be fashionable for many years . 
"and ,  in 1972 ,  this nation began to establish a counterpart in the sea , "
"how do we encourage children in new hero courses , "
"in order to consolidate and expand their privilege ,  theywould carry out revisionism . "
once they realized what they were sitting on…
i think he better be here .  .  .  because we have something to tell you . 
"she has seen severe sun damage on the hands of reps – exposed to sun through windscreens — who drive for a living because car windscreens do not protect from uva rays .  these rarely trigger obvious sunburn ,  unlike uvb rays ,  but cause most photo - ageing ,  and can also lead to skin cancer .  just as images of smoking - induced wrinkles have been used to appeal to the vanity of the young so charities hope that real images such as that of mcelligott could shock people into protecting themselves . "
"dear ladies and gentlemen ,  is wrong .   "" ladies and gentleman ""  is only used in formal speech . "
"field servile : the exceuent team tonders the setap of the product , adjusting to try maintenance number a series serve . "
and the cams i got cut at hewlett packard . 
i know you must have lots of questions . 
"maybe i ' m old - fashioned ,  but i think that means you do it with someone you love . "
"if a packet matches a rule ,  the packet can be allowed to pass through using target accept . "
i applied the blood again and i found incrediable strength invading every part of my body . 
"as far as actual sex goes ,  patty ' s first experience of it was being raped at a party when she was seventeen by a boarding  -  school senior named ethan post . "
"that has prompted pledges from the government that it will do all it can to stem the rise .  the government has already banned the export of cooking oil ,  and cut some food import taxes to contain prices . "
the president was in europe when heavy rains began forcing rivers over their banks and levees .  he has received regular briefings on the recovery effort and says  $ 4 billion in a federal emergency relief fund should be enough to help pay for the clean up . 
madeleine drew three napoleons from his purse and laid them on the table . 
"no ,  i ' ve already spoken to 413 battalion . "
joyce says you need the vaccinations before mcquillanland will allow entry into the country . 
"i said ,  well ,  you know ,  first ,  i don ' t know that ,  you know  -  - "
i pick up a leaflet about the care of teeth . 
modern labour - saving devices such as washing machines and dishwashers
i just fell in love with the culture and the people . 
"dubois ,  assistant deputy chairman ,  commissioner of tourism . "
"pick out the big letters ,  or pick out the little letters , "
because i just sat back and i read books and watched movies . 
the dumping of radioactive waste into the sea was banned in 1970 . 
with no engine on the right wing ? 
"chinese car manufacturers produced 2 . 95 million cars in 2005 ,  an annual increase of 26 . 9 percent . "
he asked for more money but she said no dice to him . 
"bloodhound ' s 45cm  - wide ,  3 . 6m -  long  ( 18in by 12ft )  rocket will be british designed and built . "
"kirsch recommends setting an obtainable goal ,  such as  "" i want to lose five pounds ,  ""  or  "" i want to fit into my skinny jeans .  "" "
a few days ago you weren ' t evensure you wanted to be a therapist . 
"there are practical reasons for the mid - 20s dividing line ,  and most of them boil down to two biggies :  education and money . "
how can you say that screwdrivers are better than hammers ? 
"mimi will remain with the wonder girls in the u . s .  ,  continuing with any scheduled performances and activities until the end of february .  as of march ,  she will return to korea and prepare to focus on her studies .  jyp has named 17 year old lim as the newest member to the quintet .  lim has gone through extensive training at the jyp academy for three years and is fluent in four languages :  english ,  korean ,  mandarin and cantonese . "
the order of the garter is an ancient order of chivalry . 
we have had our biggest year ever this year . 
in this paper the application of nanotechnology in toughening pvc is reviewed . 
dan :  i just can ' t get over teeter making a policy change like that without informing me . 
british officials have said that  \  efforts to revive stalled international talks about iran ' s nuclear program will resume shortly . 
"2500 years ago ,  it was constructed by slaves to protect the empire against the barbarians . "
i usually go to bed at half past ten . 
"the prizes of life are at the end of each journey ,  not near the beginning ;  and it is not given to me to know how many steps are necessary in order to reach my goal .  failure i may still encounter at the thousandth step ,  yet success hides behind the next bend in the road .  never will i know how close it lies unless i turn the corner . "
"at that moment ,  man finds his character . "
"she  "" loved mystery novels ,  mexican food ,   ' dancing with the stars '  ""  and her grandchildren ,  including chelsea clinton ,  the former first daughter .   "" for chelsea ,  her grandmother was one of the most important figures in her life ,  ""  clinton writes .   "" mom helped chelsea navigate the unique challenges of growing up in the public eye and ,  when she was ready ,  encouraged her to pursue her passion for service and philanthropy . "
"camp out ,  do a bit of fishing . "
"her blood could contain the key to a vaccine ,  even a cure . "
"moscow says osce member states ,  which include russia ,  never approved mandatory standards ,  and singles out the osce office of democratic institutions and human rights  ( odihr )  for allegedly politicizing the election monitoring process . "
"anyway ,  you ' re gonna meet him tonight . "
"welding rod type :  acidity ,  alkalinity ,  cellulose ,  high  -  temperature steel and so on many kinds of welding rods . "
"anthony ,  red ,  you stay here and man the fifty - caliber . "
"it is going to give everything right ,  jimmy . "
which means you ' re in no position to be objective . 
"new aerated foam drilling fluid ,  using a special plant fiber named kws as fluid material ,  not only has the characteristics of low density ,  high ability of removing cuttings and lower use of water ,  but also has the perforation of rejecting of the na ~  +  ' s and ca ~  ( 2 +  )  ' s affection . "
the second problem is that if you don ' t have your subject blink naturally you will dry out their eyes and if you are doing a lengthy shoot the eyes will become blood shot . 
"and gene was showing natasha how to use a knife and fork , "
"got a taste for the theatrical ,  like you . "
it ' s a metaphor for addiction to technology . 
"he is usually let off after writing a pledge to "" cease and desist ""  ,  in which he explicitly undertakes to stop defaming the peasant association in the future . "
"but in practice ,  i would do it face down ,  floating on the pool . "
even though away from us his spirit was still with us . 
"at length ,  pushing away his plate ,  warren trent observed . "
how we can go from the digital world to the physical one . 
"look ,  he may be able to see me ,  but i can ' t see him . "
"when i do my work ,  but i did this  -  - "
"no ,  nothing at all , as a matter of fact . "
"and if a black guy goes out with a white girl ,  his boys are like ,   "" dawg ,  you the shit .  "" "
"that ' s how adriano galliani responded to the rumors of a possible milan return for the ukrainian striker ,  who is currently on the outs with the london  - based club . "
"the odds are that it will be the right decision ,  but just by asking you may beable to steer clear of a test or two and the potential downsides of overtesting . "
"he said to me ,   "" i had to give this prognosis to your parents"
and it makes me really proud to be involved with google . 
they only got an incomplete set of results from the experiment . 
so that ' s going to be clear in a moment . 
"it is also common to have barbecues outside under the moon ,  and to put pomelo rinds on one ' s head . "
"no ,  people ,  it ' s a water pipe for tobacco . "
"i ' m sorry ,  simba ,  i just can ' t tell you . "
"that was really brave ,  what you did . "
you ' re never to divert one iota from my plans . 
"first ,  this paper describes motivation for modelling positive / zero / negative justification and shortcomings of positive justification in application . "
"dude ,  i ' m not scared  ' cause they ' re black . "
"so what you cannot stand ,  more than anything else ,  is seeing lopsided ,  prejudiced ,  unfair ,  or discriminatory conditions . "
"all right ,  let ' s hear what mama has to say on the subject . "
an algorithm on solving 24  -  point game based on ai searching tree is constructed in this paper . 
"however the container terminal was only able to receive two ships at a time ,  as compared to the general cargo terminal ,  which can receive four ships simultaneously ,  which leads to many ships having to wait . "
"the whole surface of it is covered with 60 million diodes , "
"s érgio neto ,  the director of the angolan foreign ministry ,  made the statements at the opening of a preparatory meeting for the 6th mixed commission meeting of the two countries to be held later this year . "
the missile tracker is mounted alongside the operator is tracking telescope and is collimated to it . 
"while arguably the biggest name ,  google is not alone in this space either . "
his friend was killed and he knows he is lucky to be alive . 
a security official said the militants were killed during a gun battle near maiduguri as soldiers raided an islamist hideout  . 
"thank you .  –see you tomorrow ,  james .  –see you ,  lieutenant . "
"this will certainly and effectively spur on china ' s economic development ,  and it will also help promote world economic development . "
he told us a hoar old joke that we ' d all heard many times before . 
"have him pick you up ,  bring his horse . "
i could peel out a page of this palazzo to show you what ' s going on inside of it . 
"in late february ,  a mainland tourist caused a disturbance on a hong kong subway .  the reason ?  eating in public . "
"embalo was speaking to portuguese news agency lusa at the end of a business seminar organised by the institute to promote portuguese exports ( aicep )  as part of an official visit to lisbon by the guinean prime minister ,  carlso gomes j únior . "
wondering if you wanna come hear a concert at disney hall some time as his guest . 
"we ' ve decided to erect a tourist information booth ,  right off 17b . "
how many specialists work with the goodman institute ? 
i made roast beef and yorkshire pudding . 
"and yet ,  after two years of interviews ,  i still find myself waking in a fog . "
there will also be pavilions dedicated to“world expo shanghai 2010 ”and taiwan . 
but we can help the people in these societies
can i see what ' s in your pocket ? 
"i love the immediategratificationand the happy reactions i get .  "" "
"since it is impossible to explain these experimental facts with the help of the currently accepted oxygen removal mechanism ,  an impressed reductive atmospheric mechanism was proposed and stabilized sulfite was recommended for anticorrosion . "
the researchers say gambia and ivory coast suffered more during the .  .  . 
your dinner is going to get cold again . 
"all right ,  look ,  i wanna say something ,  okay ? "
i don ' t know what ' s going on with bly ' s driving . 
article 38 pbc shall turn over to the state treasury the entire net profit from its every accounting fiscal yearly income minus annual expenditures after withdrawing funds for its general reserve at a proportion determined by the financial department of the state council . 
"based on xuannan part of nanjing subway line one ,  the paper analyzes the steps of programming for central coordinate of subway tunnel ,  and discusses the method of computing coordinate values in mileage . "
"let ' s see what you got here ,  will . "
fiery - tempered jadne is clanless because her father refuses to acknowledge her as his daughter . 
we trust the consignment will reach you safely and open up to your satisfaction . 
"for participating countries the main benefits of free foreign trade  ( unrestricted ,  liberalized trade )  stem from the increased access of their producers to larger ,  international markets . "
got the best hands of anyone here in pahokee . 
"they immediately sent a radio transmission through :  the year 2000 location ,  planet earth . "
"they are similar languages ,  so to know one means that you have a leg up on learning the other languages . "
although she has never been kind to me . 
"when i get emails ,  people say ,   "" thank you for giving me this place , "
"before you chime in about how gaga or perry should be banned ,  let me ask you what books you want to burn ? "
"ipad . my daughter meredith is 8 and has the strongest personality of my four kids .  she is smart and extremely independent .  she also has a warm ,  loving side .  she was born in ningdu ,  jiangxi province and she was 9 months old when we got her .  i am a lucky man .  she is here with an ipad ! "
in today ' s market the best answer is the blade server . 
i have sex all the -   -  shut up . 
"um ,  so ,  people like to make fun of keanu reeves ,  right ,   ' cause he ' s .  .  .  but he is one of the sweetest guys you will ever meet . "
so the charges are gonna be dropped . 
because your body will do most of the work of fixing it
"it smells like moldy ass ,  is what it smells like in here . "
" "" we decided to suspend the charges in consideration of the japan -  china relationship ,  ""  the japanese prosecutor in the case said . "
"in many cases ,  though ,  people just want an overview of a subject ,  to gain a general understanding of ,  say ,  mercantilism .  in cases like that  ( and certainly in cases where a reader wants to know all about dark side of the moon )  ,  wikipedia is often at least as good as ,  and often better than ,  britannica .  quality fluctuates wildly on wikipedia - many of the facts in its strait of malacca article are unsourced ,  for example  ( which is duly noted at the top of the page )  ,  but for perhaps the majority of uses ,  it suits most users just fine . "
i ' ve made some soup with garden herbs . 
joining me in the studio today is helen .  hi helen ! 
"the global nomads group charges for programs ,  but says it tries to help schools with limited resources . "
peter diamandis :  so those are just a few of the clips
every intercept you translate saves hundreds of lives . 
hanks received widespread critical and audience acclaim for his work as astronaut jim lovell in the academy award - nominated space epic apollo 13 . 
he rocked back and forth in his rocking chair . 
"since ,  for most of us ,  expressing our thanks is an everyday occurrence ,  we tend to think nothing of it . "
we ' re coming at youwith everything we got ! 
" "" i look forward to hosting this meeting in the near future ,  ""  he said .   "" both developed and developing nations will be represented .  and together we will work to strengthen and modernize our nations '  financial systems ,  so we can help ensure that this crisis does not happen again .  "" "
" "" give me the freedom to do what i need to do"
"just let me do all the talking , denny , every word . "
"to casual observers ,  as well as to influential natural scientists and regional planners ,  the luxuriant forests of amazonia seem ageless . "
"and what would you have done ,  deny christ ? "
"in contrast , injection of β - adrenoceptor antagonist practolol ( 2 μg dissolved in 2 μl saline ) into the same area produced a significant decrease in the number of hves .  how - ever , α - adrenoceptor antagonist phentolamine ( 2 μg dissolved in 2 μl saline ) hadno such effect . "
"so i looked at all of his drawings ,  more than 700 , "
"but in my business ,  we don ' t do this shit . "
many other academic figures and officials have noticed chinese universities’ “weaknesses” . 
it ' s a carriage that moves by itself ! 
the theft has been a deeply embarrassing episode for the roman catholic church . 
"the apologyyou owed me ,  but never actually said . "
"such issues are on hot debate as federal senate and its power ,  re - assignment of power between federation and states ,  way of selecting state officials ,  quality and status of political party ,  rights of association ,  and especially the unique federal system of germany . "
"the one behind the attack to gaea ,  is briareos . "
"the npn240 features two nvidia cuda  - capable gt240 96  -  core gpus ,  enabling it to deliver up to 750 gflops peak per card slot  ( depending on the application )  . "
but his most important victory was against testicular cancer . 
"they just love new toys ,  now ,  don ' t they ? "
"sathya sai baba  ( satyanarayana raju )  ,  one of india ' s most controversial gurus ,  died on april 24th ,  aged 85 ; "
it was a sickening blow after the reds had dominated the half . 
reseach on compatible regularity of the tcm a prescription is one of the researching hotspots . 
"oh ,  he dreams footnotes ,  and they run away with all his brains . "
"so please don ' t delete it ,  ""  then it would survive . "
"i ' m pleased to say ,  the prince did take the tip"
not long after this matinee experience -  - perhaps a month -  - mrs .  vance invited carrie to an evening at the theatre with them . 
he bashed the mugger ' s head in the street . 
so the big risk for them is not having product at all . 
"danielle pletka ,  an analyst with the conservative american enterprise institute agrees . "
"israel approved the deployment to strengthen western - backed palestinian president mahmoud abbas ,  both of whom want to curb the influence of the islamic militant group hamas . "
we feel better offer will give you full satisfaction  . i hope to receive a favorable reply from you soon . 
no married man kisses his wife like that . 
"and also ,  if you閳ユ獧e embedded in such a network of relationships , "
he had not seen him since that graduation day . 
it really doesn ' t make a difference when i go . 
she put up a spirited defence of her government ' s policies . 
"garnet red in color ,  this zinfandel expresses the forward red fruit profile of raspberry and boysenberry followed by nuances of black pepper ,  and allspice . "
the red cross dealt out food to hungry villagers . 
" "" i wouldn ' t hide it if society didn ' t make me feel like i needed to .  "" "
"taxpayer :  forgive me to remind you that the design draft has been completed in japan ,  and my group has no business income in china . "
i like to play football with my friends .  i ' m very glad to steal the show on today’s match . 
so van gundy will insist again the schedule does not have to beat the rockets . 
into the ones that either cause or prevent cancer . 
i ' ve beenthinkin '  about a blood serum test . 
this is how i served my apprenticeship in the composition of songs . 
some even scoff at the store´s efforts to spruce up its image . 
that ' s a bad job for a guy with a stinger . 
"especially ,  techniques developed for successfully cultured neural stem cells from drug abortive fetus were convenient and practical ,  and can be considered as a "" neural stem cell depository ""  for further research . "
"no .  overconsumption of animals ,  and of course ,  junk food , "
"so ,  the life and times of don quixote . "
"challenge your fellow - mortals as you will ,  but do not compete with a goddess . "
objective to investigate the effect of recrudescent hepatocellular carcinoma treated with percutaneous sonographically guided microwave coagulation . 
" "" i hate to lose ,  ""  he said .   "" and ,  getting third in the 200 - meter freestyle four years ago ,  you know when i do lose in a race like that ,  circumstance like that ,  it motivates me to swim faster .  "" "
i never said they ' d be places you wanted to go . 
the coming of general blucher at waterloo turned the day against napoleon . 
"smiling doesn ' t always mean you ' re happy .  in some cases ,  it simply means that you ' re a strong girl . "
epitaph :  a belated advertisement for a line of goods that ha permanently discontinue . 
"lf i stay here ,  will you let him go ? "
but the regulator ' s findings are deeply embarrassing for the company nonetheless . 
financial management runs through a lifeline in the enterprise ' s whole life . 
its symptoms are similar to the more common form of tb . 
objective :  to analyze the connection between abnormal chromosome karyotype and sexual abnormality . 
"as well as practical developments to suit changing environments there will also be more cosmetic developments .  parents will choose precisely the genetic makeup of their offspring - selecting the color of their eyes ,  hair etc . "
i can get you while you wait ? 
"under protection and reintroduced to former habitats ,  the gray wolf population has come back . "
"yeah ,  but god damn it ,  i ' m not proud of it . "
"the results indicated that the circulation rate of molten steel in the unit can be estimated by the following equation :  ql = 0 . 0333qs0 . 26d0 . 69d0 . 80  ( t / min )  ,  where qg - gas flow rate  ( nl / min )  ,  du and dd - up -  and down - snorkel inner diameter ( cm )  ; "
and it ' s linked to the spirit of equality .  let me explain . 
and i think that ' s a very good way of thinking about the problem . 
"the declination of mdr 1 gene expression was observed when 6μmol / l ebb , 12μmol / l ebb , and 10μmol / l vpl were added for 48 hours ; "
"we ' ve got to do a lot of things ,  not just one . "
the association of catholic priests meeting in dublin says the reforms are needed to stem the church ' s decline in the wake of the long - running sexual abuse scandals . 
how can we turn our cumulative knowledge of virology
"come out ,  come out where ever you are . "
the main task of the flight control station is obtaining real time remote data which is sent by the automatic pilot and sending instructions to the automatic pilot on time . 
a bbc statement said the settlement reflected the gravity of the false allegations . 
"the reporters also noted bush ' s relaxed posture ,  crossing his legs  "" texan style ""  while facing the pope in the private study of the apostolic palace . "
"wrestler ,  boxing  -  what do i know ? "
freight forwarders  ( shanghai limited road transport market north division )  .   ( permission to operate the project involving the operating permits )  . 
i wanted to see how they would seize the bare bones
"sao paulo ,  brazil ,  4 sept–around 60 mozambican businesspeople accompanying president armando guebuza on an official visit to brazil will have a business meeting with the federation of industries of sao paulo ( fiesp )  ,  on wednesday . "
"hearst ,  the company that owns it ,  printed the final newspaper on tuesday . "
the recovering korean hd is seeking for new markets . 
scientists hope to break through soon in their fight against cancer . 
then they called on xiao yang to play the harmonica . 
"it has produced a string of scientific achievements :  confirming that most galaxies have a black hole in the middle ;  providing a front - row seat for the collision ,  in 1994 ,  of a comet with the planet jupiter ;  and helping to uncover the strange fact that the expansion of the universe seems to be accelerating . "
a heated argument can be settled better if both sides cool down first . 
"of these , 31 . 02 %  were children under 15 years of age , indicating that the hazardness of hydatidosis is higher in chil -  dren than in adults .  the cumulative morbidity rates in this decade was high in patients 6—15 and 36—50 years old .  seropositivity recorded in human populations was 18 . 69 %  , higher in population younger than 20 years and in population older than 51 years , suggesting two peaks of cystic hydatid infection . "
"hospitals can make money from all bariatric procedures ,  including gastric bypasses  ( in which the stomach is partitioned and the upper part connected directly to the small intestine )  ,  but the gastric band is a rare example of an opportunity for device - makers to profit from weight loss . "
she perked herself up before going to the dinner party
what do you think it is for me to think he might be imagining this problem ? 
"we ' re also going to talk about jury duty ,  something that most americans have experienced . "
"when you want to strike conversations with random people or get to know someone better ,  you have to come across as a friendly person who can be trusted . "
"and if you can cause that coil to resonate , "
"under the leadership of the communist party of china and the guidance of marxism - leninism ,  mao zedong thought and deng xiaoping theory ,  the chinese people of all nationalities will continue to adhere to the people ' s democratic dictatorship ,  follow the socialist road ,  persist in reform and opening - up ,  steadily improve socialist institutions ,  develop a socialist market economy ,  advance socialist democracy ,  improve the socialist legal system and work hard and self - reliantly to modernize industry ,  agriculture ,  national defense and science and technology step by step to turn china into a powerful and prosperous socialist country with a high level of culture and democracy .  "" "
"the novel not only resolves the riddle of craziness of the creole girl from west indies ,  but also reflects the crisis of identity of the author as a creole woman writer . "
"fifty years ago ,  mao zedong lamented that china could not even launch a potato into space . "
"come on  ,  have a rest here . "
"fashion wire daily  -  new york  -  foot and street traffic alike were stopped in their tracks wednesday ,  august 9 ,  as fourth annual national underwear day was held in new york ' s times square . "
there are two healthy women in this house . 
many was the dime he had given to such as they in his day . 
"for indoor installations ,  it is important that the valve easily accessible to facilitate testing and servicing .  do not install in a concealed location . "
database notesacl represents a collection of all the access control list entries for a database . 
that is what brings you down in this business . 
"according to baron ,  the study suggests that circadian factors should be taken into consideration as part of exercise recommendations and interventions ,  especially for less active adults . "
"throughout life ,  we rely on small groups of people for love ,  admiration ,  respect ,  moral support and help . "
the large volume of trade should entitle us to special accommodation . 
this is a universally accepted principle of international law that the territory sovereignty doesn ' t admit of infringement . 
"the following news story is not as much hardware related as our site usually does ,  but it is funny enough to make your whole week better and even good enough to provide with clothing some of you . "
"thou hast risen late ,  my crescent moon ,  my night bird is still awake to greet thee . "
details of the major equipment and the materials supplied by the seller are specified in annex iii to the contract . 
"while the swedish capital is praised for its good genes and plenty of european destinations make the hotlist ,  not a single british city is included . "
the companies are awaiting approval from authorities to proceed with the deal . 
we all agreed to kick in 10％ of the cost . 
you ride in the car with me . 
what i relished all these years was the great game . 
"but he was saturn ,  gobbling up his children . "
"it was the very same feeling ,  he said later ,  as when he had first seen carpet tiles ,  but orders of magnitude larger . "
you can go to her if you want to . 
this paper simply describes the character of slag constitution in smelting ferrosilicon  -  manganese and its controlling method . 
"how do you say  "" i love you ""  to her ?  they agreed that getting good grades ,  followed by good jobs and then marrying and having that precious grandchild would be how they showed their love . "
"and nebuchadnezzar king of babylon came against the city ,  and his servants did besiege it . "
"hop in your biplane and bomb the enemy island ,  or use your cannon to protect your own . "
the bbc has been told scores have died while an official of the nigerian national emergency management agency told the french news agency there were at least 118 victims . 
the future could look bleak for human musicians as well .  this android was laying down some licks with the computer robot band . 
"so it ' s hard to get students to come back to class , "
"on the face of it ,  they tend to be much more confident of china ' s inexorable rise than their chinese counterparts . "
"the word was first coined by a new york fashion trend - forecasting agency called k - hole ,  which recently released the report  "" youth mode :  a report on freedom ""  . "
the blow - up ballistics fool enemy radar and trick thermal imaging sensors into thinking they are the real deal through its special material . 
"if we lived in the topsy - turvy world mr .  benson imagines ,  just think of what would it mean . "
"volunteers from pallishree spent a week with fishermen ' s communities around chilka ,  the largest brackish water lagoon in asia ,  sensitizing them to the need to protect the lagoon ' s fauna and flora . "
"or someone tells you that you ' re part of a prophecy , "
"genes do not provide free passes from the doldrums ,  and other external factors will still try to mow you down . "
"we could do it in five weeks with 100 , 000 active users . "
you notice here ' s a big jump when i was a little kid  -  - 
" "" just stand and watch her .  ""  and the minute they left the room , "
past experiments have confirmed albert einstein ' s theory of relativity by comparing atomic clocks on the earth ' s surface with ones placed in high - altitude jets and rockets . 
"close ,  you ' re in the loony bin for a robotomy . "
"no one is sure where the expression first was used ,  but everyone is sure what it means today . "
the child pummels his mother angrily as she carries him home . 
"relevant – relevance stresses the importance of choosing goals that matter .  for example ,  an internet entrepreneur ' s goal to  "" make 75 tuna sandwiches by 2 :  00pm .  ""  may be specific ,  measurable ,  and attainable ,  but lacks relevance to an entrepreneurs overarching objective of building a profitable online business . "
and the trick was to bang the golf ball off of suits of armor  -  - 
i ' d like to tour in companies that go round the country . 
"the poem represents a kind of as does the short poem ,   "" a coat ""  represents a kind of ascetic move ,  an active imaginative and rhetorical stripping - down . "
"if i wear it anywhere else ,  it chafes . "
"reports were issued ,  so that this machine was cloned"
blessed be the lord god of israel for ever and ever . 
"i dedicated it to the hunger movement so that we would recognize world hunger and try to do something about it .  "" "
"but in maldives ,  no fresh water .  so ,  what on earth is going on ? "
what ' s the distance to the out scene ? 
"i made it to 26 , 000 feet before we had to turn back . "
"i don ' t know how she does it ,  but she does it . "
"which came here for business ,  a very dirty kind of business  .  .  . "
"while she filmed him ,  because she was a keen amateur pornographer . "
"the only tricky aspect is that it can either append or prepend the entry ,  or add the entry either at the top or the bottom . "
"but people who have the fidgets may be doing a slow ,  steady burn all day long . "
paying student loans on time also will help build a good credit history . 
it is on my behalf and on behalf of my people who live in misery in 2011 ! 
"based on his fondness for impressionist art ,  though ,  he is likely to be agreeable and conscientious . "
"and in the last week ,  there have been so many people that have responded to us"
it was like the end of old yeller . 
"therefore ,  it is feasible to substitute conventional alkaline deinking by near  -  neutral sulfite deinking in plant . "
table 2 summarizes how the performance of this table scan query has benefited from two of our design decisions :  atom site separation and compression . 
"the progress plan compiled in accordance with static ,  dynamic and testing inspections . "
"several companies acting together to control production ,  pricing ,  and distribution of a product . "
"protecting your lips is key to preventing skin cancer ,  yet research shows that fewer than one in four americans wear sun - protective lip balm . "
"you ' re not getting shot at ,  you ' re not doing your job right . "
after glancing at him she lowered her head and went out . 
the navy has prepared for this by building what is called a “weak link” into their anchor chains . 
everything goes fine until brother gets on the stage . 
"and if we look at the history of lawns ,  it ' s actually rather tragic . "
"nice to see you ' re in such a good mood ,  dad . "
"it ' spreads along a cemetery ,  a large park with century  -  old chestnut trees . "
"in today ' s lesson ,  you ' re going to learn the difference between trip and travel ,  and some very useful travel idioms ! "
you don ' t care about deathcos you ' re already dead . 
"as one year ends and a new one begins ,  the world is watching president obama and congressional leaders . "
"ni hao ,  agingerand white kitten ,  was discovered breathing shallowly in a limp ball after a two - week trip across the pacific ocean . "
it was all set out of panic . 
"founded in the 10th century ,  it became the new centre of the islamic world ,  reaching its golden age in the 14th century . "
no any adverse effect was noted in the droxicainide treated group . 
i told her that when she read the script . 
"when you walk intentionally fast on the road ,  he will hurry to catch up with you . "
but i want to just point out to you that 95 percent
"the technological frame of dynamic monitoring system of land reclamation is developed after analyzing the status of tailing depot reclamation ,  and main approaches of establishing the system are briefly illustrated . "
so this is a one - year - old colony  -  -  this happens to be 536 . 
i ' il dock him with you right away . 
your father is big brother and he ' s watching you . 
and they are being asked to carry more equipment . 
who was the model for your nudes ? 
iceland ' s government became the first to fall as a result of the financial crash . 
"scientists at erasmus university in rotterdam ,  the netherlands ,  conducted a six - year study of 5 , 395 people aged 55 and over who did not have signs of dementia . "
"for all have sinned ,  and come short of the glory of god ; "
"i mean ,  lab guys like us ,  analysts like you ,  we ' re the real soldiers . "
"lieutenant general raheel sharif will now control not only a vast army and the world ' s fastest - growing nuclear arsenal ,  but a business empire ranging from cornflakes to luxury housing . "
to save the world the plight of women caught in advance ! 
"therefore ,  i have the necessary again you do not want to listen to hear the word :  insist . "
"one of the survivors said the boat was carrying more 70 migrants ,  who were trying to reach spain . "
high level plans that lay out milestones and list all major product features help provide the necessary context to individual stories . 
"girl ,  stop slinging that spanish at me ,  telemundo . "
"if he weren ' t really dying ,  he wouldn ' t have sent for us . "
for changing the impact that we have on the planet
she started smoking when she was a teenager and never stopped . 
should he send another detachment to the rescue of the first ? 
"for example ,  do you have any sort of shopping cart or shopping bag ? "
"one retail shop in that city ,  selling a famous brand of handbags ,  grosses us $  80 ,  000 on an average day . "
"i’m your host ,  dr .  jeff mcquillan ,  coming to you from the center for educational development in beautiful los angeles ,  california。 visit our website at eslpod . com . "
"the first boomer actually ,  we didn ' t even wait till 2011 ,  next year . "
" ( monroe )  my dear daughter ,  ada ,  who ' s given up so much for so long to help me in my ministry ,  and upon whom i rely , "
i would like to ask you something personal . 
"software has done this in a way that ' s been very visible ,  because"
"but give credit to lau for sticking to his principles .  as old - fashioned ,  unnecessary and hollow as his principles may seem ,  24 years is a long time to pretend you don ' t have a girlfriend . "
the probability of human extinction by just one percentage point  -  - 
"he says his party ,  as well as the jui and parliamentarians from the federally administered tribal agencies were not taken into confidence by the two major parties before .  he says they need to discuss the newly revealed document with their supporters . "
"and we ' re integrating this now with a whole era of cellular engineering , "
here ' s another one i ' ll show you .  this is by drew weing ; 
"come on and make my day ,  jew . "
"for our gospel came not unto you in word only ,  but also in power ,  and in the holy ghost ,  and in much assurance ;  as ye know what manner of men we were among you for your sake . "
aim :  to investigate the mechanism of anti inflammatory action of theophylline on asthma . 
"in the sahel ,  the united states supports the distribution of food and water to the insecure ,  vulnerable and displaced as a result of regional drought and the crisis in northern mali . "
"all right ,  i guess you found us out . "
"since then russia has recognized the independence of south ossetia and abkhazia ,  despite international condemnation . "
"the sea nettle ,  ,  for example ,  often has an orange or light brown coloring ,  octopus jellyfish have a blue or gray tint ,  ,  and the lion ' s mane jellyfish has a golden tint to it is like its namesake . "
let me know when you ' ve got them .  let ' s shoot . 
"last i checked ,  they hadn ' t hooked it up ,  though . "
"that i ' d met a lot of these people in the different countries , "
the dog greeted its master with a wag of its tail . 
the boss fired him out for neglect of his duty . 
"the cancer project is trying to get the word out about the dangers of processed meats ,  especially hot dogs . "
"we ' il do a boat tour first ,  okay ? "
i think history is a net positive in the non - zero - sum game department . 
"for when in fear ,  people tend to sell at overly depressed levels . "
"despite strong growth in imports ,  the trade surplus remains in brazil ' s favour by a total of us $ 330 million ,  namely because of oil ,  soy ,  maize ,  steel laminate and iron ore exports . "
what is it that we ' re actually  -  -  what story are we actually telling ? 
"according to issufo sanhá ,  this will be an important instrument to boost economic ,  financial and political relations between the two countries ,  as portugal is guinea bissau ' s main trading partner . "
it does seem really hard to get consumers to do the right thing . 
late payments are an italian speciality - particularly in health care . 
was to transfer the gangster capitalism of his hometown
the principles have amounted to a near  -  blanket ban on arms exports since 1976 . 
"in fact ,  in 2009 ,  i was even more clueless . "
"although his range of reading was wide ,  he could not in some respects repair the lack of early education . "
"if you beat yourself up for being overweight ,  a  "" bad ""  mom ,  or not exercising enough ,  you just create a downward spiral . "
"but with that one swipe ,  i learn of the merchant ' s twitter handle . "
i think it ' s a story of hope and tolerance . 
"illegality has three functions :  delimit the behavior free space , protect the legitimate interests and create rights . "
"such research has led groups like aarp ,  the big seniors group ,  to jump on board and offer discounts for certain games that have shown proven benefits . "
failure to reply to the advertisement lost her the job . 
"guinea - bissau is also among the states that have reversed the positive trend for more freedoms ,  lying mid - table in 2007 among“partially free ”countries that comprise nearly half the total in the study . "
michael jordan is currently an owner of the bobcats professional basketball team . 
the novel concludes with the lovers forlornly bidding each other sayonara . 
"so if we start now ,  and we look at technologies"
an acknowledgment expressing regret or asking pardon for a fault or offense . 
those data spanned the years between 1981 and 2010 . 
see how well i chose your mother . 
this means the investigation is going to be complete and honest . 
"other transport efficiency ,  renewable technology ,  carbon capture and sequestration . "
"this is a pattern seen again and again with the new generation of drugs that genomics has helped to create .  they slow the disease ,  but only for a few months . "
you could always store away a small book or rubik cube in your purse if your profession demands many instances of waiting around . 
"we looked at doing over 1 , 000 letters that cover"
"if you watched a television broadcast in the united states in the 1970s , "
"the french private sector had a small surplus ,  as did italy ' s . "
"and the first line of that book is ,   "" once there was a book named cindy"
then the industry really took off .  and that has to happen with biotech . 
"the shows '  popularity is easy to explain ,  says tian fanjiang ,  ceo of baihe . com ,  a matchmaking website .   "" there are 180 million single people in china ,  ""  tian says .   "" they and their parents are all worried about the marriage problem .  "" "
"yang hua ,  cnooc president ,  said yesterday that bridas had world - class oil and gas assets and was a “good beachhead for us to enter latin america” . "
she spends the rest of her time peeling shrimp in a factory that employs 5 other children . 
i ' ve never heard of a tree doing that . 
president george bush says the united states faces difficult economic times  -  a situation made worse by congressional inaction . 
"in large organizations with many concurrent development projects underway ,  it may make sense to have shared system test environments . "
"“despite the downturn due to the international financial crisis ,  this project remains viable and solid ,  ”tretout told the portuguese news agency lusa on thursday in sao tome ,  a day after meeting with the island country ' s prime minister ,  rafael branco ,  with whom he discussed the project ' s current status . "
and he goes to great lengths to protect the olive oil from oxygen and light . 
and atoms combined in all sorts of exotic combinations . 
"currently ,  democrats hold a 235 to 199 advantage in the 435 - member house ,  with one seat vacant .  though republican leaders have tried to maintain an optimistic public face ,  there were some early negative signs in 2008 . "
this is not a big stretch for a whale . 
you don ' t know the half of it . 
i could have someone look into it . 
"i ' m afraid your father spilled the beans about noah ,  and when lon didn ' t hear from you again last night ,  he decided to come . "
"but the stunning views from the ship’s deck didn’t provide much pleasure ,  as a group of chinese compatriots playing cards laughed raucously nearby . "
that he decided that he would try and depict
we ' ve got to work on developing all these different kinds of minds . 
she said her folks were up for it . 
"the baptism of john ,  was it from heaven ,  or of men ? "
and then be able to release it and pass it off . 
nathaniel was shy in our first encounter . 
"shes not good enough to dance with the company ,  li . "
" "" nobody can predict what these international pressures will do .  i ' m optimistic that things have improved and that we ' ve have seen the worst of these circumstances in the united states and in europe ,  ""  said tanner .   "" but we will be doing everything we can to push back against these very powerful economic forces .  "" "
"the casulo is not yet available in stores ,  but the team of krings and muhlhauser is in talks to get it into production . "
"in the united states ,  a nuclear plant is being built in georgia . "
if you keep going and continue making whatever adjustment are needed how can you fail ? 
i looked at him and i saw myself . 
that is why the competition with microsoft is bound to come  -  - 
we wish to assure you that we appreciate an opportunity afforded us for service . 
"with me in the band ,  we still needed a drummer and a bass player . "
"compared to the rest of europe ,  these central and eastern european countries have  ' half the debt  [ and ]  double the growth ,  '  according to the erste group ,  the vienna - based bank that focuses on emerging markets . "
"the standard of judgment on good faith should be insisted the objective standard and the acceptor should be deemed malice ,  but the case that civic rights get involved should deem the acceptor with good faith . "
sederholm regarded the svecofennide belt as an older structure truncated by a younger varelide belt . 
"well ,  then you should have rethought the coral . "
"for the weight conscious ,  and for those who can ' t swing the  $ 499 entry cost ,  there is an out . "
"so it ' s about a mile across ,  600 feet deep . "
do you know what we do to kings who step out of their kingdom ? 
"so ,  it ' s extraordinary .  it ' s a new world that ' s very ,  very difficult to make sense of . "
"if you miss your flight or lose some money ,  don’t worry too much about it . "
"2 .  the oop for finite element system is more credible ,  and conceal inner . "
last year at ted we aimed to try to clarify
"and then all of my friends said :   "" maybe i should go do that ,  too .  "" "
i shall tell you of william wallace . 
and this is something i will never forget in my life  -  - 
"and if they try to fight us in the traditional ,  straight - up manner"
 #  with my teeth locked down  # 
"ben ,  did you see a clipboard back there ? "
"people management strategies of "" increasing staff quality ,  strengthen mothball staff building ,  attract excellent staff ,  import competition system ,  building staff information network system ""  ; "
there was somethin '  in that cake that didn ' t agree with  ' em ! 
the authors investigated the pyrolysis of rssr by the ultraviolet photoelectron spectroscopy  ( ups )  . 
california man who lost his wallet more than 40 years ago finally got it back when workers fixing a movie theater discovered the billfold stuck in a radiator . 
"here ' s the mertz marching band ,  led by lucy carmichael . "
so you ' ve been lying to me and ditching me for some secret life ? 
his voice was mild but it had an expectant fearful quality in it . 
setting up a company currently takes an average of 68 days and around 272 hours are needed to pay taxes . 
"they published my first book ,   "" flying fingers ,  ""   -  -  you see it here  -  - "
"then he stood in the lobby ,  chewing the ends of his moustache . "
"what are you thinking of ,  you stupid little girl ? "
"the way i understand it ,  it´s mostly a joke down here too . "
" "" this election is about the past versus the future ,  ""  said barack obama . "
"once the fields are filled ,  hit the button  "" activate ""  and wait for the activation server response . "
are you gonna stop the new monsters now ? 
"but once the news of your father ' s illness becomes public ,  the people will require reassurance . "
"so the whole time ,  he kept shaking his head going , "
"encompass combinations of these characteristics ,  so i want to give you"
"two good  -  looking men around 40 years old ,  dressed to the nines . "
"and for the first time ,  i realized"
"to make a proton ,  it has a total electric charge of plus one . "
we send them into the wilds of city hall . 
the brain is the record of the feelings of a life . 
"after a generation of immigration ,  jazz ,  and art deco ,  that jumble of buildings sprouted into a true city . "
"a red shirt demonstrator taunts thai soldiers in downtown bangkok ,  thailand on friday ,  may 14 ,  2010 . "
this is me with my dad when i was a little boy . 
it was necessary to retire several generals who lacked energy and enterprise . 
"in order to confirm the fact in theory ,  so that we can clearly outline a developmental period in novel history ,  we define the stylistic feature of the romance in tang dynasty as the admixture of ode and biography . "
"14 .  take a bus or a train somewhere new .  flying can be so cheap these days that folks sometimes forget about the bus or train .  but sometimes the journey is half the fun ,  and you ' ll see new parts of the country you ' d never see from the air . "
by gradual stages the public became in time fully alive to the need of saving the nation ' s animal and plant life . 
"instead of thinking about internet ,  speed dating or buying a hot newoutfitget out there and do it ! "
"inclusions such as glycogen particles ,  lipid droplets ,  and pigments may be present . "
"you could have died ,  trying to save me . "
so you need that global ethic of fairness and responsibility
what we discovered is whether you look at the leg of a human
"this example requires only a couple of steps ,  but it gives you a feel for the entire workflow . "
you know why i became a pilot ? 
you ' re in the custody of the galactic alliance ! 
"in the united states ,  less than seven percent of our plastics are recycled . "
and when we consider the extent to which it ' s not taken as seriously
"unicef estimates a third of all those killed by cyclone nargis are children .  more than 130 , 000 people are either dead or missing from the storm . "
"but ,  of course ,  many students will 12 )  grab at the chance to listen to more music . "
you ' re gonna tell me the difference between this guy and that guy is luck ? 
"similarly ,  non  -  intellectual factors also formed by five elements such as motive ,  interests ,  emotion ,  wills and characters . "
is it meant to be informative or provoke a certain emotional response ? 
"and then he ' s wiping the needle on his shirt , "
i will promise you on my honor that my future letters shall be of a reasonable length . 
"this article puts forward with great creativeness that the political theory of chorography ,  the basic theory of chorography ,  and the application theory of chorography are three components of chinese modern chorography ,  a large theoretical framework . "
"with a cap on top ,  and you would not die at all , "
all i can say is that the hatred thatcher invokes is bitter and visceral for those of us who lived through it . 
"but ,  if it wins ,  do you wanna celebrate tomorrow night at dinner ? "
and the narrative is the way to sell that cause  -  - 
"germany ' s export  -  driven economy ,  with its army of specialised manufacturers ,  may be particularly suited to the apprenticeship model . "
"we are seated in one of the trains ,  and with us we have a special speedometer that measures their relative speed . "
but having a credible plan is a very different matter from implementing it . 
"in a sense of just killing ,  director )  ablaze ,  social responsibility ,  don ' t forget to let people think ,  after watching a movie in the entertainment to death ,  farce era of rare . "
i don ' t know about a heart attack . 
the business mission from china is taking place at a time when the brazilian car industry is increasing its imports of parts from china . 
867 .  did you read the article about the rescue of the two fishermen ? 
"and i want you to pick somebody that ' s seated next to you , "
then i ' m no longer the alpha lion . 
"during the visit ,  president hu jintao will have talks with her and premier wen jiabao will meet with her . "
she may try to lure you away . 
"we spoke in a serene ,  educated and civil way .  this is what we have to do :  to confront with the crowds and told them what we are doing . "
"for indeed he was sick nigh unto death :  but god had mercy on him ;  and not on him only ,  but on me also ,  lest i should have sorrow upon sorrow . "
"well ,  that would be fine if it was just a secondary preoccupation in life . "
i know treadstone ' s not a popular subject here but we found some interesting things . 
"use my 18 minutes to tell you why i ' m doing it , "
to the connection of the internet and social networking . 
"with its raised suspension and high deck lid ,  the crosscabrio looks somewhat like an artichoke on wheels ,  the prototypical niche vehicle . "
or are you gonna charge me with katie ' s murder ? 
i ' m glad she ' s decided to go back to her husband . 
"on the study of the visualizing 3d accurate locating technology ,  aimed at cutaway view of stl entities and the assembly of them ,  single stl entity can be rotated and zoomed in real - time ,  and the algorithms of section contour line making and the visualizing 3d accurate locating technology were put forward and developed . "
i ' ve had nothing to do with him since he got in with that rather disreputable clique . 
that ' s the mentality that i have – it ' s not an athletic one . 
"the terminals are bended and formed over swaying block ,  its ingenious rotating swaying helps to realize the bending of hook ,  its structure is simple and special . "
why ?  tier 1 - a was the center for military intelligence . 
"where was i ?  oh ,  i was saying that according to a new study ,  the key to understanding someone with a different accent is to repeat what he says and to approximate the accent . "
"jaime reiterated that the success of the angolan government ' s economic policy was based on reducing public debt ,  modernizing the civil service ,  liberalizing financial services and controlling inflation . "
" "" and when i told him that pattaya was one of my destinations ,  he asked ,   ' isn ' t that place famous for its sex industry ?  '  "" "
is what many believe will be the world ' s deepest natural abyss . 
"according to witnesses ,  the bank clerk had asked the robber to remove his sunglasses but he refused ,  reached into his sack and pulled out his gun . "
"but rather than the expected torrent ofscaldingwater pouring down the side of the block ,  the contents of the pan vanish in apuffof steam . "
my car ' sgotta smell better than the bus . 
"some beekeepers worry that it may make their trade impossible ,  and could even have an effect on agriculture . "
"challenge yourself academically ,  but give yourself plenty of time for fun as well . "
"move the camera to each of these position in turn ,  press save on the remote ,  then a number from1 to"
"some people think girls with a more androgynous style are just sloppy or lazy ,  but many of them care just as much about their appearance as other girls . "
"mom ,  will you fix a tea for him ? "
"they told you and yours :   "" premium rate numbers are not designed to be used in this way and we would strongly discourage any listeners from adopting this idea .  "" "
if someone in the classroom has aids does the teacher know about it ?  . 
"come on ,  everybody .   /  -  what he said . "
"now ,  no offense ,  man ,  but you had ten years to fix it , "
imagine his name and imagine him inside the glass . 
this paper analyses the mixed multi  -  attribute characteristic of ordnance urgency decision  -  making . 
"won ' t do you any good to play games with me ,  mr .  rainey . "
"max ,  the way you and i work is becoming a lost art form . "
"before you even consider changing your portfolio based on the expected - or actual - results of the election ,  it ' s vital to analyze the conventional wisdom first . "
"if i could be rid of the children for the day ,  i would go . "
a sequence of murders had prompted the police to actions . 
"the more you learn ,  the more you know ,  the more you know ,  the more you forget .  the more you forget ,  the less you know .  so why bother to learn . "
"following the us division of worldwide fried chicken empire kfc ' s promise to stop using artificial fats ,  the chinese division wednesday assured diners its chicken is fried in unhydrogenated palm oil . "
the old trees were profiled against the pale sky . 
"carlos :  belinda ,  maybe you can explain it to me . "
"boarding schools typically admit four to five students of any foreign nationality per grade level ,  with international students comprising up to 20 %  of the overall student body ,  lin said . "
ready for a big night on the town ? 
and the list of scientific applications is growing every day . 
"first ,  we need to develop a global awareness campaign"
" "" upon my word ,  sir ,   "" cried elizabeth ,   "" your hope is rather an extraordinary one after my declaration . "
she unlocked the door and turned the handle to open it . 
"7 .  resolve to be firm but fair  -  letting someone down with a polite but clear message that you ' re not a match made in heaven ,  is better than being stuck on a second or third date because you don ' t want to upset them . "
wetting of fibrous materials can critically affect many manufacturing processes . 
acquit the judge told the prisoner that the jury had acquitted him on the charge of bigamy . 
" "" maybe you ' ve found someone new ,  someone more mature . "
among boys born in boston between 1640 and 1699 john was still the favorite name . 
draw process flow diagram that reflects the current uhs walk  -  in clinic operations . 
"we live in a great country ,  we should not be cheating each other . "
"the engine drivers of coming and goings all say that this  "" turtle back road  "" withholds towing force very much . "
"the children  "" disappeared ""  with their parents when security forces invaded their home in buenos aires . "
yesterday i dropped troopers into a combat zone . 
all he wants is to die in his old home . 
"sales like these are ,  of course ,  full of risks and difficulties for foreign investors . "
do you wanna go to the bathroom ? 
their reason for doing it is still a puzzle to me . 
"workers in it to a fine leg ,  the other one is in chains on iron . "
"give yourself less time to complete something and do it right away .  if it ' s something that can be done in 10 minutes or less ,  do it now and get it over with .  also ,  remember not to make your to do list an open ended document .  if you have 5 things to do today ,  don ' t keep adding throughout the day because you ' ll lost your motivation and will let things pile up more and more .  and as a bonus ,  if you knock out all 5 items quickly ,  you ' ll feel happy and motivated rather than run down ,  overwhelmed and stressed out . "
we don ' t get that kind of constant feedback in real life . 
let ' s put this child back on the ferry
it is very important to study high angle of attack flight and control laws that can enhance grapple ability of new supersonic fighter under the condition of post - stall supermaneuver . 
"if the minority will not acquiesce ,  the majority must ,  or the government must cease . "
"from sunday ,  stanley ho ,  through his sjm ,  operates 18 of macau ' s 25 casinos .  galaxy resorts owns five casinos ,  las vegas sands has one ( the world ' s biggest )  and wynn resorts operates another . "
"to open an account ,  it has to be funded with 0 . 1 bitcoin ,  which will cost  $ 110 as of thursday morning . "
"so amanda ,  when you first started using this arm , "
"speaking to angolan news agency angop on the sidelines of a talk on“impact of the exchange rate on the national economy ,  ”the economist said that ,  in 2006 ,  foreign reserves at the bank had totaled us $ 7 billion . "
these talks could herald a new era of peace . 
physical teleportation is the near instantaneous transport of the psychic from one location to another . 
"but it shows you africans ,  and particularly african women ,  who"
i mustn ' t have too much potato because i ' m now on a diet . 
i should be sleeping at my desk . 
the only compliance work .  .  .  he ' s doin '  is makin '  sure my lunch is still hot when it gets here . 
"i ' m already taking care of matters ,  allen . "
jud was mollified at once when he saw that i had not been dealing in allusions . 
"according to casimiro ,  after the work is finished ,  larger ships–which used to moor offshore and transfer their goods to smaller ships–will be unloaded more quickly and goods will also be processed through customs more quickly . "
an explosion on a rig killed 11 workers and oil gushed into the gulf of mexico from the seabed for three months following the blast . 
"the unified power flow controller  ( upfc )  is one of the most enterprising realizations of the idea of flexible ac transmission system  ( facts )  .  having the ability of controlling most of the basic power system parameters ,  upfc can flexibly adjust the real and reactive power through the transmission line ,  damp the oscillation ,  and enhance the stability of power system and so on . "
the strategy of appeasement and retreat simply doesn ' t work . 
"rock art brewery similarly defended itself ,  not in a court of law ,  where deep - pocketed corporations enjoy an enormous advantage ,  but in the court of public opinion . "
the audience was dumbstruck .  tang answered the questions briefly and walked off . 
"it is more difficult to deal with the self - esteem of man as man ,  because we cannot argue out the matter with some nonhuman mid . "
let me offer some keys that can aid you to return your biased perception to a balanced perception . 
you call 9 - 1 - 1 and you pray for a trained md .  but you get me . 
"the best way to shoot kids is to get on their level .  getting down on your knees a good option  ( balancing children on high surfaces ,  however ,  is not recommended )  . "
his social position allows him of no unseemly behaviour in public . 
keeping an open mind and trying things that you wouldn ' t normally do is a very easy way to become a better person . 
kearny graduated san mateo high school in 1990 when only six - years - old . 
one of the main reasons people mess up their lives is that they have no godly friends to give them feedback . 
"in the spring of 2002 ,  gogol bordello embarked on a european tour and performed as part of the whitney biennial ,  bringing their music to a whole new audience . "
what about asking her to take a polygraph ? 
"in 2005 ,  the company sold 65 . 9 million liters of lubricants and liquid petroleum gas ( lpg )  . "
"falling in love is like jumping off a very tall building .  your brain tells u -  it ' s not a good idea ,  while your heart tells u -  you can fly . "
there ' s an old adage that applied for the years
"here ,  we see murder ,  a most disapproved human behavior ,  not only condoned ,  but encouraged . "
"i was going to say that he might even help them win the world series ,  but i do not want to strain credulity . "
someone ' s act of altruism will inspire you to follow in their footsteps today . 
"pyongyang in june submitted a list of its nuclear materials ,  which hill called a  "" very good ""  list ,  and blew up part of its main reactor . "
the micropower is the smallest and most discreet hearing aid in the world ' s power device in the industry . 
"the center studies human - computer interaction ,  or hci ,  especially communications involving wireless devices .  we spoke to mr .  brown by skype . "
the song is surprisingly reminiscent of madonna – recalling express yourself in several places and vogue in the spoken bits – but in the best way possible . 
that are very inspiring to be in and to be around ? 
i ' ve tried to get better at everything i tried . 
"nutritionist patrick holford says likely culprits are cauliflower ,  turnips ,  brocoli ,  onions sprouts beans lentils and chickpeas . "
"on the first or second day of classes ,  i ask everyone to think up examples of the passive voice . "
"no such angst from giulio iacchetti ,  who ' s well aware that modification is a specifier ' s prerogative . "
" "" bill clinton got nothing at all after putting all his marbles  [ political capital ]  into the health care basket  [ reform proposal ]  .  the same thing could happen to george bush ,  if the white house does not ,  in the very near future ,  move towards some kind of compromise on social security ,  ""  he said . "
"just thought while i had it ,  i ' d drive over and see if you were into going now . "
so you ' re treating her for african sleeping sickness .  .  .  because you don ' t think it ' s possible for someone to be faithful in a relationship ? 
they ' re trying to break into the house ! 
"the information was very consistent across each workload ,  even though the y axis was different in each chart . "
"the shock and extreme heart break brought me to my knees .  the pain was so great and my world just looked desolate .  i had no real home ,  no money ,  no job ,  and no friends that cared .  not one person had even sent me a sympathy card for my loss . "
he could stand up to wear his school uniform . 
"the same agency said the attack had caused panic among civilians .  no figures were given for rebel or civilian casualties .  but with strikes occurring in a mountainous sparely populated region ,  civilian causalities are rare . "
"in contrast ,  football players are given a mere yellow card  ( which does not automatically mean leaving play )  for a first offence . "
the company is due to be listed on the cape verde stock exchange on april 25 . 
"in the chinese culture ,  the tiger represents strength and power . "
"as the oath of medical students goes ,  "" health is of the primary importance of human beings ""  .  higher education of medicine is not only crucial to the development of china ' s medical service ,  but also a matter of life and death for all the people . "
"try it out ,  take a couple of deep breaths ,  you will automatically feel better ,  and more awake instantly . "
"it is a ,  movie class just there malronbeurandocheoreom"
either his boss or his colleagues agreed on this . 
i ' il be sure to note that in my log . 
we were really enthused by all the things we could control with our mind . 
"oh !  mama ,  how spiritless ,  how tame was edward ' s manner in reading to us last night ! "
there was actually something more i wanted to say . 
3 .  the muppets that dominated the show were bert and ernie . 
"she ' s what i know today to be mentally ill , "
"the fangs are not teeth ,  but bony jaw protrusions that are present only in males and are likely used for sparring . "
"these may be as simple as breathing deeply ,  or as sophisticated as objectively recognising normal reactions to stress ,  and thus realising that your own reactions are normal too . "
you ' re under no obligation to pay for goods which you did not order . 
and the owner of this lot worked for me
as important as the result is the way you do things . 
reviewthe buy where we lost the neski files . 
about 90 people in guinea and neighboring liberia have died from ebola . 
"now ,  i joke ,  but for the first time in our history ,  the winners of the white house turkey pardon were chosen through a highly competitive online vote .  and once again ,  nate silver completely nailed it .   ( laughter .  )  the guy is amazing .  he predicted these guys would win . "
whatever ' s best for grayer .   .  .  . starting thursday evening . 
the second lump i will save for a rainy day . 
"no one wants to sit next to miss yates at the sewing meeting ;  she chatters like a magpie ,  all the"
"jessenia fernandez ,  with the non - partisan civic group florida immigrant coalition ,  works to help new citizens understand their rights and exercise their votes . "
otto comes from a long line of bleeders . 
diplomatic efforts to end the fighting in lebanon have hit another snag . 
"john tonry ,  of the university of hawaii ,  hopes to provide one .  he is working on an eight - telescope system called atlas  ( asteroid terrestrial - impact last alert system )  .  it is designed to scan the whole sky twice a night ,  looking for fast - moving objects .  unlike most astronomers ,  dr tonry presumably hopes he will not find what he is looking for .  but if he does ,  many people who would not otherwise have lived to tell the tale may thank him . "
"to interact with a sensor ,  an application must register to listen for activity related to one or more sensors . "
the u . n .  security council agreed monday to georgia ' s request to hold a special meeting on the recent developments .  the private u . n .  meeting is scheduled for wednesday . 
"and they said ,   "" why ,  thank you for your email .  what an interesting story . "
by suggesting that they can make an active tail . 
"and now there is evidence that similar diversity existed earlier in human history ,  a little under 2m years ago ,  in africa . "
"the day it was recorded ,  the day it was played . "
"now i began to understand :  as a writer ,  i was also an activist . "
"lenchen made it to the west in 1989 ,  shortly before the fall of the berlin wall .  she was pregnant with the child of a kgb officer and now lives on a bnd pension in southern germany . "
that is a really unusual way to talk to your boss . 
"“under the theme‘attractying investments inside ,  investing outside ,  ' macau and fukien made joint efforts to explore portuguese - speaking and european union markets ,  creating opportunities for businesspeople from both regions abroad and boosting the role of macau as a trade services platform ,  ”ho noted . "
"regulators said that in the last year ,  more than 30 , 000 inspectors had fanned out across the country ,  working to close shoddy seafood operations and enforce regulations against the use of banned antibiotics — like chloramphenicol and like malachite green ,  which has caused cancer in laboratory tests . "
he failed to get promoted for lack of resolution . 
"you could think of a thousand possible uses ,  i ' m sure . "
most of life on earth is in that inner atmosphere . 
"and if cussing '  me out will make you feel any better or if you want my job , "
"except a few weeks here ,  a few weeks there . "
these changes follow a strike last summer by foreign students working at a distribution center for hershey ' s chocolates . 
the one where you ' re not married to me ? 
i am trying to make something better for tommy and me . 
to explore the spirit of adventure makes regimented demands on one ' s own intelligence and imagination . 
keywords showing proficiency with the major platforms — salesforce and sap — will be the first things hiring managers search for when looking to fill open sales and marketing positions . 
he ' il be sure to deliver them safely . 
the assumption that robots will make humans redundant and replaceable is unfounded . 
"we are pleased to confirm your order for 200 sets of sewing machines amounting to us  $ 15 , 000 . "
"after consulting environmental specialists and getting permission from city officials ,  wang gathered her color palette ,  brushes and a stool and got to work . "
 #  i ' il do what it takes  ' til i touch the sky
this paper presents a design scheme of computer  -  monitoring equipment of gyros lifespan test . 
"americans today are aware that corporate pensions have been virtually eliminated and that the few remaining private ,  as well as the nation ' s public pensions ,  are in jeopardy .  even if you are among the lucky few that have a pension ,  you cannot rest assured that it will be there for all the years you ' ll need it .  whether you know it or not ,  someone is busy trying to figure how to screw you out of your pension . "
he lived on a knife  -  edge between genius and insanity . 
transplantationof tissue engineered cartilage and chondrocytes might be a choice for repair of growth plate injury . 
"most of that is in higher income tax ,  taking away the equivalent of a month salary for any workers . "
building a bridge of chance for someone you iove . 
she knew it was that that had given her the palpitations . 
"we ' re now in a hurry ,  so come to the point . "
the price tag with an astronomical figure on it was still attached . 
i commiserate with you on the loss of your mother . 
"successfully to build a structure ,  using a lot of labor . "
that there ' s a strong basis for hope that these things
"the year of the berlin wall was trod ,  there was a tragedy happened in my mother country ,  my mother wept for watching tv s news report there were a lot of hong kong giant stars participating the great free - ticket variety show in the causeway bay victoria park at that year ,  i was nine . "
then the infection of radiant heat to the solid heat release rate is analyzed . 
"this is the best opportunity to make an impression on top management ,  chaussures paul smith ,  thus prepare the right questions and be ready to engage . "
"a new round of apple rumors and leaks are suggesting what some tech observers have been predicting for the past year :  that a smaller ,  less expensive ipad is on the way . "
"the railway is used for transporting mining products abroad from the urucum mine ,  located in ,  in the state of mato grosso do sul . "
"the gic - gb is made up of portugal ,  cape verde ,  angola ,  brazil ,  spain ,  france ,  the gambia ,  ghana ,  guinea conakry ,  niger ,  nigeria and senegal . "
" "" and my daughters are about to take their first trip abroad ,  and i ' m not here . "
so europe is not just an example now to emulate ; 
"if there is one  -  -  which i take leave to doubt  -  -  then it is older people who create it ,  not the young themselves . "
one hour with eisenhower and he ' il feel the same way . 
"mr geithner acknowledged ,  however ,  that china had changed so - called “indigenous innovation” rules introduced last year ,  which multinationals claimed would exclude them from public procurement contracts . "
to the human dream of being able to fly . 
i want you to imagine that you ' re a student in my lab . 
i discuss this in part 2 of this series . 
"in south china ,  it is customary to eat  "" niangao ""   ( new year cake made ofglutinousrice flour )  because as a homophone ,  niangao means  "" higher and higher every year ""  . "
carmela :  i can’t invite my friends over for dinner and then tell them to bring their own food ! 
it ' s hoped that the present study will further study galsworthy and the apple tree . 
now i ' m really gonna fuck your shit up . 
change the way you look at your place in the world . 
now the bank employee can approve this application and let the process go on to the next step for bank manager approval . 
"the degenerating and wasted living environment of "" desolate garden ""  forced him approach nearer and nearer the desolate garden , tomb , sea and death . "
"although conventional wisdom tells you that if you slow down ,  you ' re road kill , "
now she returned to the subject of juvenile delinquency in that country . 
"in the end ,  if you want to sleep like a log every night ,  you ' ll have to take good care of your health . "
"mr .  bush also had lunch with students at the dubai school of government ,  and attended a roundtable with young arab leaders from across the region . "
long johns were first made popular in the 19th century by the english company john smedley which still produces them today . 
"by the time they ' re five ,  they won ' t be able to do that anymore . "
the forthcoming talks hold out the hope of real arms reductions . 
"electric arcs are a harsh environment to operate in ,  and early plasma torches were not noted for reliability . "
"the halloweencelebrationcomes from all hallows day or all saints day ,  the 1st of november . "
a more common test called amniocentesis is used to detect chromosomal abnormalities between the 15th and 18th weeks . 
but he never wanted to be part of any large and overstuffed expedition . 
marsha lopez was a woman i met in guatemala . 
i ' m going to tell you a bit about the history of it in science . 
a small spark was enough to kindle lily ' s imagination . 
"one woman said ,   "" i think there ' s enough excuses not to date someone in new york .  .  .  .  bedbugs doesn ' t need to be added to it .  "" "
was there an old lady brought in in a smashup ? 
"the mpg project ,  which will be carried out by mpg shipyards ,  will take three years to build and will cover an area of 33 . 5 hectares in the port complex ,  generating 1 , 200 direct jobs with a further 6 , 000 indirect jobs also expected . "
to record from little tiny individual neurons  -  -  ordinary fibers
do you renounce the devil and embrace jesus christ as your lord and savior ? 
some guidance is given for people to correctly fit up exhaust equipment and dehumidification equipment in washrooms . 
"it was only after tm ' s death then i learnt that on the morning of23 march2006 ,  rinpoche instructed some students ,  asking them to visualize him as avalokiteshvara and chant om mani padme hung to dedicate to tm . "
there has been much debate about whether or not anyone did play football on christmas day in 1914 .  the evidence in favor comes from letters home . 
that he was deeply in love with his wife . 
a phase or an aspect of a logically developing process . 
an inescapable logic led me to connect these particular abuses to a whole deplorable system . 
"you do love me ,  and i love you too . "
now what we have in hand is called sky ball or fitness ball . 
since i had my training as a medical illustrator  -  - 
"this spring ,  google decided it was no longer willing to play ball ,  and so withdrew its search operations from mainland china . "
"the choice must be yours ,  because when you step out to face that creature ,  you will step out alone . "
"i i . m .  him things .  that ' s the way i communicate with him , "
that did this for a living to be a pretty tough kind of guy . 
"they just set foot in the entrance ,  when a well  -  dressed man approached them . "
"imf chief economist olivier blanchard says the financial crisis will significantly slow global growth during the next year .  speaking at the start of the washington annual meeting of the imf and world bank ,  blanchard said the crisis is having its severest impact in advanced economies . "
a barium enema is a special x -  ray where a white “milk -  shake fluid ” is flushed into the rectum and by using mild pressure is pushed throughout the entire large intestine . 
both said they had been unaware at the time that phone hacking had allegedly been done by employees other than one reporter who went to jail for it but felt they needed to step down in the firestorm . 
"to get it down on paper ,  no matter how crudely . "
you boggle my mind and you make me go blind . 
"it’s the perfect setting in which to enjoy the country’s local delicacies ,  such as fresh seafood ,  berries ,  and regional cheeses . "
"when you pay salespeople commissions based on their sales ,  for instance ,  they will always sell more than when you simply pay them a flat salary . "
and we ' ve got to learn to stem the inflow . 
"but now ,  it will be their downfall . "
"if we put these two career levels together ,  engineering seems to be best for above  - average money initially ,  and above - average money as you move up the career ladder . "
his move was seen as an effort to strengthen relations with russia instead of getting closer to europe . 
"we are the only ones who actually returned the award for  $ 50 , 000 , "
"although some parts of the city remained relatively quiet ,  there was no shortage of action in other areas . "
ai ' m not sure yet !  maybe a job in the computer industry . 
"among the 26 contenders ,  there are six russian grandmothers and the 76 - year - old british vocalist engelbert humperdinck . "
"if you have epilepsy ,  there is an instance of billions of brain cells ,  or at least millions , "
"gathered today for a global conference called give peace a chance ,  g - pac ,   - "
you ' ve got some good doctors who are going to take great care of you . 
" #  i pray to god you give me one more chance ,  girl"
andy never played with us like that . 
you ' re in there hanging with your homeboys…
"but bink ' s foot struck a loose rock ,  which turned his ankle tobalance . "
and the good news is that it has nothing to do with you . 
"but i just found out the world ain ' t going to last that long , "
"and if he gets backing for his dream project ,  it will combine both those loves again in a new adaptation of the classic musical  "" carousel .  "" "
"so ,  if your child ' s school does not teach based on these principles ,  how can you as the parent use them to help your child be successful in school and in life ? "
"oh ,  you mustn ' t start off on so formal a footing . "
"the government included edp in the list of company ' s in which it would reduce its stakes over the next two years ,  and the finance ministry is now preparing for the sale process . "
"well ,  bensley told him what was going on and he never reported it to the authorities ,  so he was convicted of obstructing justice and conspiracy to commit fraud . "
a blind person driving a vehicle safely and independently
a book is the same today as it always was and it will never change . 
that girl ' s not behaving at all well ;  she ' s trying to get fresh with my brother . 
welcome back in my town of kuzcek . 
"if possible ,  please sit at the old kitchen table to read it . "
you were at the top of the stairs yesterday
you guys working a case on a neil mccauley ? 
"see the policy lab exam :  rescheduling ,  canceling or postponing for more information . "
we even won a couple of national book awards . 
"the simplest method is to create a standard form that everyone can fill out and submit either via e -  mail or fax ,  or in person . "
"cmr  -  support :  this is your all rounder ,  he ' ll spend most of his time in the middle of the park and join the attack and defence .  look for an all rounder here and a typical cm . "
i asked her to help me but she ' s being a bit bolshy about it . 
"and  -  -  you know ,  this was a moment of truth . "
"to the israelis and to many in the wider world ,  they are men and women of violence ,  but gaza is preparing to acclaim them as heroes . "
i know i ' m not as interesting as the little mermaid and all that magical crap .  .  . 
"the project will provide water to cattle ,  but will also indirectly benefit the region ' s population as there is also a lack of water for human consumption . "
i saw him do this last week in stockton . 
"because when he saw  -  -  in fact ,  he told me about eight or nine years ago"
"by 15 years later ,  by 1850 ,  doing the same thing"
"chinese support in the construction of the new facilities is part of the objective of improving the functioning of guinea ' s public institutions ,  a country that has one of the lowest human development index ( hdi )  rankings in the world ,  now experiencing peace after several episodes of social and even military unrest in recent years . "
"that justifies a blocking mechanism of last resort ,  whether in the form of a golden share ,  or a ban on foreign state entities holding voting rights in some companies . "
"it was very easy ,  and you can write many books very fast about it . "
"iran continues to insist its nuclear program is purely for peaceful purposes  -  to generate energy for a growing population .  in a recent interview ,  president ahmadinejad suggested that nuclear weapons are a relic of the 20th century that his country has no interest in acquiring . "
"even sarah found ,  one christmas ,  that she could no longer hear its sweet sound . "
"from miraculous lizards that walk on water to super swift sharks ,  this programme counts down the top ten most extreme speed freaks in the animal world ,  and compares them to human attempts to race their way into the record books . "
"i mean ,  that ' s an incredible thing about a child . "
"well ,  i guess that leaves me out . "
"the virus spread ,  and the rabbit population dropped from six - hundred million to one - hundred million . "
"sometimes we all so broken  -  hearted ,  but we never express ourselves . "
"it is the study of how different foods interact with particular genes ,  affecting how these genes act or altering their structures . "
"as soon as we land ,  we ' il get a doctor . "
this was the right shape or this was the right shape . 
"and you ,  why did you go out there ? "
"the compass i rely on for direction ,  the counsel i listen to"
"thorne lay :   "" we will try to our best to give early warning if that ' s possible and set up emergency response systems ,  but ultimately individuals have to prepare themselves .  "" "
"“we are going to fight to become number one or two in each country where we have a presence ,  ”she told di ário econ ómico . "
"if you pay attention closely ,  the speeder bikes were destroyed . "
the power of a god or demon to transform a concept into an element of the sensible world . 
" "" his tireless efforts have brought justice to america ' s enemies and greater security to the american people ,  and today we honor a fine public servant and patriot in george john tenet ,  ""  he said . "
but it says here we gave her the warfarin . 
"and i gotta say ,  i fucking hate him too . "
"the gallaghers are back for a third season that promises to outdo the previous two in drama ,  heartache ,  and humor .  fiona and jimmy are back together again and living in the gallagher house ,  where jimmy  ( formerly “steve” )  has taken to being mr mom of the family .  but issues from steve’s past always show up to wreck the happiness he and fiona have found… with bloody consequences . "
it ' s building a bridge of chance for your iove . 
mr .  smith works in an executive branch of the government . 
" "" when i really want to get stuff done ,  i go to the office .  "" "
"a formidable political constituency ,  they will not allow the government to inflate away the value of these claims . "
"after the session ,  finance minister pranab mukherjee said parliament expressed support for a new anti - corruption bill that includes demands put forth by hazare . "
"therefore ,  one cannot ignore the contribution of biogenic volatile organic compounds to the secondary organic aerosols . "
"no sir ,  let me tell you what you don ' t want . "
think you made quite an impression on ramone . 
i ' m going to turn you over to the jedi council . 
do you know thatprescribing zithromax .   .   . 
"when i was a very young child ,  i was extremely introverted"
"start paying attention to this case , or i ' m gonna make things miserable - "
"speech signal was widely used in communication ,  so research on data covert communication based on speech was very important in information security ,  secure communication etc . "
"two of them took out a heavy stick and one carry a gun ,  st anding in the back and point it right at dexter ' s head . "
several factors have been adduced to explain the fall in the birth rate . 
there was a cabinet meeting and a meeting of the presidents
"the intention here is to produce a series of images about conflict that are reminiscent of something seen ,  an event or a film experience or a reported scene ,  a moment frozen in a single frame . "
you shall never want for food while i have any money left . 
"yeah , you pounded the desk and said ,  "" it ' s about time . "
my living out of the artful arrangement of words . 
"make the night night ,  and the day day ,  and you will have a pleasant time of it . "
the company ' s plan to team up with the maker of the keurig single - serve coffee brewers to develop a do - it - yourself countertop coke machine comes pretty close . 
"increased environmental pollution remediation ,  and sustainable development capacity continued to increase . "
"you ever been in a swarm ,  big man ? "
so we started measuring carbon dioxide in 1958 . 
"say ,  does walter know you ' re getting married ? "
our packages include health assessment consultation and injection fees at specified visits . 
"automatic spanning tree ,  but also to look for beginners ,  small knowledge . "
"there ' s an editor for in the game that the player can create , "
you ain ' t gonna see an image brighter than this . 
"instead of stashing an umbrella in your bag ,  consider grabbing one of his hats on a rainy day . "
"vo ,  you ' re the only family i got here ,  so i thought you could say something . "
"doing a search for thehashtag # manhattanhenge on twitter will bring up a nice selection — including edgar gonzalez ' s view from 34th street ,  which you see above . "
even steps like the extension of unemployment benefits tend to discourage such entrepreneurship by increasing the opportunity cost of working for oneself . 
"these are the things that you don ' t think that you could accomplish in 100 years ,  yet you want to do your best to achieve them . "
"bindeshwar pathak felicitated each of the three brides with the bank draft of rs .  2 lakh ,  a shawl ,  a saree and a rose - sandalwood garland ,  and said that from now on ,  they would  "" try in their own humble ways to educate women around them the need of hygiene and sanitation .  "" "
he does not need others to tell him how great he is  -  not any more . 
"it upheld the original sentence handleddone two years ago when the trader was convicted of forgery ,  breach of trust and unauthorized computing use . "
he was given the accordance of knighthood for his bravery . 
"this study prove the method that the granules can be directly  - pressed after powder taste  -  mask coating by fluid -  bed ,  and it is suitable for producing the orally dissolving tablets . "
this is a computer installed in the entrance to their slum
"the thing about stories ,  though ,  in most of the existing mediums"
remove your backup piece with your left hand . 
the newspapers are afraid to speak out against the government . 
the katyn graves opened up for the third time to reveal to the world the terrifying truth about still another german murder committed on the polish nation . 
"daimler ,  bmw and volkswagen have all been pushing into russia : "
"operating under cover also allows the firm to borrow stock cheaply to build up a position against a company ,  mr .  block says . "
take the example of a purchasing clerk keying invoices into a system . 
"when he is around ,  he will talk only about work . "
"mr .  bush says this plan requires putting large amounts of taxpayers '  money at risk ,  but a massive response was needed .   "" i will tell our citizens and continue to remind them that the risk of doing nothing far outweighs the risk of the package ,  and that ,  over time ,  we are going to get a lot of the money back ,  ""  he said . "
fitzgerald attributes the depravity of the modern dream to wealth and privilege . 
and you can see all the melting of the iron
"as regards the council for sustainable development ,  following the research on the structure ,  modus operandi and performance of similar committees overseas and consultation with major stakeholders ,  the council was set up in december . "
"despite their visual appeal ,  these brilliant light shows are actually storms  -  geomagnetic storms . "
"an often contrivetial game ,  players take the form of an up and coming criminal that takes to the streets of a fictional city ,  which is heavily based on american cities . "
"well ,  i think this is the time .  .  .  when i ' m supposed to give you this . "
"this article summarized the preparation ,  application and current state of research on alginic acid  ( alginate )  . "
"do you even believe what you ' re saying ,  huh ? "
but this is a crowd that is used to radical openness . 
"your job better be really good to go back , "
"and this has fed an almost reflexive anti -  americanism ,  which too often has served as an excuse for collective inaction . "
"hey , this map is totally worth the 5 bucks . "
"it ' s a pleasure to meet you ,  c . j . "
"buddy ,  did you pick up the magic trick ? "
you never say that about my cooking . 
"new long - term relationships .  probably the single biggest opportunity for job seekers is to establish a long - term network ,  one you can help ,  nurture ,  and lean on throughout the rest of your career .  admittedly ,  you have a linkedin profile and network most of your friends drool over ,  even if they don ' t see the immediate value .  and your local community gets more interesting as you bump into more pals than everyone else when out at the car wash ,  grocery store ,  or nightclub .  but this is an opportunity to grow your network even more . "
"a gathering place of  "" bohemian ""  artists and writers ,  greenwich village was the ideal place for rosamond tudor to pursue her career as an artist ;  however ,  it was not the ideal place to raise a child . "
if you work in a large organization and are ambitious for career progression then here are a number of things that you can do to assist your journey . 
and they wouldn ' t hire me because of my war record . 
he abandoned his desolate home and set out on a long journey . 
"as well as macau and mainland china ,  the group will watch out for opportunities in the region ,  although it will be“selective ”in hong kong due to high prices there . "
i adore to be in the presence of god . 
the fisher act of 1918 decisively raised their status and pay . 
"if you did try to summarise it ,  what would you say you ’re trying to get at with these book choices ? "
waitress :  do you want an apple pie or a sundae ? 
the door has a rainbow on it . 
it would have to be an enormous conspiracy going on between scientists of all different disciplines in all different countries to have such a consensus . 
its basic performance parameters have beenand the parameters havebeen compared with that of nomal lead styphnate . 
"after i filled out a questionnaire ,  a uniformed officer led me to the kennels . "
there must be something we can do . 
"some ,  predictably ,  turn up their noses at the informality and the abbreviated spellings that are rampant in bite - size ,  phone  -  based transmissions . "
"although she attached no importance to the ritual of christianity ,  she had a good knowledge of the bible and showed respect for the creed . "
i used to work at the diplomat . 
"tang jiaying ,  a 22 - year - old junior at jianghan university ,  is reconsidering living on his own after graduation . "
do not want intellectual theories about how god let this happen . 
"the water - solubilty macromole cule polymer , polystyrene sulphur - acid natrium ( napss )  in a certain conditior is synthesized , from abandon polystyrene foam as raw materialthe examination to printing and dyeing industry waste water indicates : napss takes on very on very strong aid _  -  curdle effect , makes very much dye ion with vitreous electricity mass around the napss , and form new congeries . "
" "" and we know that their governments are talking to one another  -  the palestinians and the israelis ,  ""  she said .   "" but there is a lot of tension ,  a lot of historical complexities that enter into this .  but i believe that the president will see from prime minister olmert that they continue to negotiate in good faith .  and this president is going to push them ,  because the israelis and the palestinians both have to live up to their ' roadmap '  obligations ,  if we are going to reach the goal of defining a state by the end of the year .  "" "
"the shortest model of the series ,  judge alex perry - who is renowned for his love of extremely tall models - said juratowich ' s unique features outweighed her need for height . "
"of getting rid of things like plastic and helping the economy shift , "
"again , we see little bitty clues of how they write this .  but that ' s matthew telling his church i know you ' re not perfect now ,  but god -  -  jesus calls you to perfection . "
"and he said ,   "" i hope that you will have the strength to do what i did . "
what i ' m trying to do is figure out what happens
prices have fallen about 60 percent since peaking at more than  $ 147 a barrel in mid - july . 
"fang yingfu ,  20 ,  business management student ,  south china normal university"
go to our website and download a learning guide for this episode . 
"one remained faced by the fact of a man blown to bits for nothing even most remotely resembling an idea ,  anarchistic or other . "
"that he died getting old ,  so we speared him anyway . "
"and the problem we ' ve run into is ,  we ' re running out of both . "
" "" this is my bucket !   "" the baddy  - looking goody says . "
"no matter how hard you try ,  you feel like you can ' t do anything right .  no matter how much you do ,  you feel like you always have to prove yourself .  no matter how much you love them ,  you feel like they don ' t return the feeling . "
how does cost of pay of reasonable and affirmatory unit delimit the scale of individual account ? 
"that ' s endopening of ethiopia ' s own plumpynut factory ,  20 kilometres north of the capital addis ababa . "
i thought you said you were ready . 
"in recent years ,  with the wide application of various kinds of electric and electronic convertors and other non - linear load ,  this can make the voltage and current waveform distort and result in the serious depravation of power quality . "
there ' s a variety of things you can learn from watching whales have sex . 
it is necessary that she should astonish and bewitch . 
"on university campuses ,  the female dormitory is one of the most mysterious and private places ,  at least for male students .  every day ,  female students walk out of the building with adorable makeup and different styles of outfits .  what ' s behind the  "" women only ""  sign ? "
"maputo ,  mozambique ,  30 nov–the italian government plans to grant a 60 million - euro loan to mozambique to build sanitation infrastructures in the city of maputo and to build the nhacangara dam ,  mozambican daily newspaper ,  not ícias reported . "
an anonymous letter containing money came to me this morning and i do not know what to make of it . 
"levinsohn said to the assistant ,   "" my office is three doors down .  i ' ll be in there .  "" "
looks like another gossip girl star is off the market . 
and neither of these stories is very inspiring or great  -  - 
the staff don ' t mind the new work schedule but would jib at takng a cut in wages . 
how many are you willing to sacrifice ? 
"on behalf of the chinese embassy in the uk ,  i wish all of you a very happy and prosperous year of the rabbit . "
"the fuel assemblies usually lie under 20 to 30 feet of water ,  which would take days to boil away . "
"the last big impact was 65 million years ago ,  and that led to the extinction of the dinosaurs . "
 #  by a hundred thousand more  # 
"lobito ,  angola ,  26 march–the port of lobito in 2007 processed over 1 . 5 million tons of varied cargo ,  with a real rise of 138 , 000 tons as compared with 2006 ,  according to the director - general of the port company ,  jos écarlos gomes . "
we live on the westward slope of the hill . 
near the end of the mass benedict walked down from the altar to distribute holy communion . 
"from ceos to shareholders ,  from financiers to factory workers ,  we all have a stake in each other ' s success because the more americans prosper ,  the more america prospers . "
i lived and breathed it in a way i haven ' t
"studies so far suggest a weak connection between emfs and illness–so weak that it might not exist at all .  a multinational investigation of cellphones and brain cancer ,  in 13 countries outside the us ,  has been underway for several years .  it ' s funded in part by the european union ,  in part by a cellphone industry group .  the final report should come out later this year ,  but data so far don ' t suggest a strong link between cellphone use and cancer risk . "
"that ' s kai tak ,  when it was smack in the middle of the city  -  - "
"but anyway ,  it ' s just great to see such a full theater , "
"jobless and penniless ,  tom had to sleep rough in the fields for several months . "
"it was transitive ,  that is the verb governed an object ,  ‘you ' re dumbing something down '  . "
"the pair also appeared on a saturday night live show together in october 2009 ,  where they featured in amockfighting skit before kissing and making up . "
but i wasn ' t into selling whiskey ;  i was into selling ice . 
"fn :  really make a fully integrated product ,  something beautiful . "
as i got near the shore the clouds gathered black and the rain came down . 
david merrill :  now he ' s brought a tractor into the scene . 
"guys ,  this would never have happened without whole genome sequencing . "
"also ,  a number of the topics that we ' ve been talking about this week"
"now the business we have ,  heretofore ,  you can speak with my aforementioned attorney . "
"the results show that the new compound filter cloth has longer service life , higher filtration efficiency , greater cake yield , lower cake moisture content and more limpid filtrate when compared with the conventional woven filter cloth often used in mineral processing industry . "
"in the high - end area such as bank and e -  business ,  the application of rsa algorithm meets the bottle -  neck that its low speed does not satisfy high throughput real - time signature and authentication . "
and i can ' t help but enjoy looking at everything in the world . 
"how would you like to go to places ,  by boat ,  by train ,  by air or by bus . "
"and this is fairly universally appreciated ,  it turns out , "
so he increased the size of the orchestra pit
wherever the three party leaders went in their election campaigning a crowd of press and tv reporters was sure to tag along behind . 
"xu shengjun ,  22 ,  a senior majoring in flight vehicle design and engineering at beijing university of aeronautics  &  astronautics ,  organized the farewell party for his class . "
on the answers we give to the most important questions in human life . 
i think not having faith is a luxury sometimes . 
"number two ,  shut that door ,  it ' s freezin '  , "
"jim mcgrath :   "" the most important thing is that every one of us  -  -  every child ,  every adult  -  -  has a responsibility that their action ,  every action we make has an effect on the earth that we live in . "
"i like a demanding job ,  something to sink my teeth into . "
"separately and simultaneously ,  a commenting module can associate free from commentary ,  discussion ,  and debate with any node . "
"j . b .  priestley ' s “angel pavement”  ( 1930 )  offers a latter - day dickensian tale of cheats ,  bankruptcy and failed firms . "
and we indeed justly ;  for we receive the due reward of our deeds :  but this man hath done nothing amiss . 
"ferdinand had been named in steve mcclaren ' s squad to face andorra and macedonia on september and respectively ,  but he now looks set to sit out the ties . "
"it does not include the beauty of our poetry or the strength of our marriages , "
"hey i can be pouty too ,  look ! "
"those stories happened when one is young and rash are like freshly sliced lemons ,  and the acerbic fragrance they give out immerge slowly into the lines of history . "
"or maybe you have ,  is that it ? "
those enlisted artiste who are apprehensive about their loss of popularity may feel that their ms is long and draggy . 
"for me ,  it ' s kind of a feeling about the fleetingness of the present moment , "
"so the author holds that the time has already been mature for anti - trust law legislation ,  and in light of the present stage ,  the focus of the control is administrative monopoly ,  so is the present thesis . "
"the assumption during exemplar authoring is that the exemplar is written to all applicable best practices ,  guidelines ,  conventions ,  and so on . "
i believe this originally belonged to you . 
"will you ,  in your power ,  cause law and justice and mercy to be executed in all judgments ? "
initial analysis indicates she wrote the graffiti herself . 
are honey and sweet  - scented osmanthus ok one bubbly boiled water ?  the function with good what is done not have ? 
" "" war on terror :  the fbi ' s new focus ""  will open friday in plenty of time for the 10th anniversary of the 9 / 11 attacks .  the newseum selected 60 pieces of evidence the fbi had in storage for use in terror trials ,  including huge pieces of an airplane that survived ramming into the world trade center towers . "
"sports fans know the university of southern california for its athletics ,  but students say they come for the strong academic programs . "
he shook my hand and i asked if it was ok to have a photo with him . 
"take into account his time at aberdeen and you can add alex mcleish at birmingham city ,  gordon strachan at celtic ,  mark mcghee at motherwell and neale cooper at peterhead . "
you trying to make me look like an idiot ? 
 ?  it ' s a business those guys always wanted to try  ? 
"and the third year we went to 13 percent , "
"many pictures have been taken in intimate areas such as ,  the bedroom ,  the bathroom  ( and by contrast in the woods )  .  is this because you want to go against the grain in terms of censorship ? "
"but ,  of course ,  each emotion then would need a particular antidote . "
but the wait time has increased again over the past year . 
"and chris had said in an email that ,  you know , "
a device whose output data are a representation of the sum of the numbers represented by its input data . 
"african states ' influence on imf and world bank decisions is largely reduced by the two organizations ' voting systems ,  said chang ,  which give more weight to states paying higher membership fees ,  in other words richer countries . "
she was waiting line drop off 15  -  year  -  old tyler and 11  -  year  -  old daniel hackman . 
"and that ' s going to be based on the number of people , "
related working experience in semiconductor product analysis and characterization is preferred . 
" "" there ' s a serious erosion of biodiversity around us ,  ""  leon bennun ,  director of science and policy for birdlife international ,  said during a briefing at the iucn ' s congress . "
lu hsun was the greatest and the most courageous standard  -  bearer of this new cultural force . 
"even as a little girl ,  i hated him . "
"the celebrated breviary remained in the family ,  and was in the count ' s possession . "
i think it ' s a mistake for a startup to fix upon a specific number . 
"just leave it to mike ,  cos he knows what he ' s doing . "
and what brings you to this exciting family tree inn ? 
" "" these three men symbolize the nobility of public service ,  the good character of our country ,  and the good influence of america on the world ,  ""  the president said . "
"existing home sales dropped 1 . 9 per cent to a 5 . 29m annual rate ,  the national association of realtors said on monday ,  falling short of the 5 . 3m that was expected .  sales fell from a pace of 5 . 39m in august ,  which was revised lower . "
"maybe it ' s writing a novel ,  starting a business ,  training for a marathon , declutteringyour home  .  .  .  whatever your particular venture or goal ,  you never get around to making progress . "
"two runners from shanghai will be trying for the 5 , 000 metres title at this afternon ' s meeting . "
is that it ' s an eye - tracking system that tries to locate my eyes . 
the law passed by congress was a modification of the original bill . 
"businesses bore ￡21 billion ,  mostly because of the theft of secrets and industrial espionage . "
john has built up his own business .  he owns a hotel . 
"the rider from the chateau ,  and the horse in a foam ,  clattered away through the village ,  and galloped up the stony steep ,  to the prison on the crag . "
"“i was in shock for a minute before i realized that i had to cut off the electricity in the room , ” says yin . "
we could hit the tank in the tracks . 
"marsha :  johnsville ,  tennessee ,  you ' re on the air .  talk to me . "
they also do not agree with the idea that increasing taxes on those who create jobs means fewer jobs will be created . 
" "" the younger generation sees this as only one means to keep themselves healthy ,  ""  says lin .  qiu ,  for instance ,  introduced two friends to lin ,  encouraging them to deal with their problems in a  "" scientific way ""  . "
"and since i ' m a big list maker ,  i actually listed them all . "
"one ,  two ,  three ,  four ,  up to about eight children per woman . "
"there are plateaus ,  but you must not stay there ,  you must go beyond them . "
"u . s .  officials revealed this week that president bush has authorized u . s .  forces to conduct raids inside pakistan without approval from pakistani officials .  in islamabad ,  lawmakers and military officers have responded with alarm . "
the treasury secretary offered a positive assessment of china ' s response to virtually the entire list of prominent complaints that the u . s .  brought to the meeting in the leafy grounds of the diaoyutai state guesthouse . 
"at angola ' s bloc 0 de angola ,  cabgoc is the operator and has a 39 . 2 percent stake in two areas–a and b–totaling 36 fields that in 2005 produced 119 , 000 barrels per day . "
"and so i thought ,  you know what ,  this is the career for me , "
"charlie ,  areyou taking the phone to mom ? "
"by now ,  the windows were beginning to dim . "
"and i remember a particular one night that ,  when you told that story of  -  - "
"the mozambican government has considered the possibility of expanding capacity at the port of beira ,  in sofala province in central mozambique ,  as well as transporting coal along the zambezi river ,  in tete province ,  a possibility that is being studied by australian company riversdale mining ,  which is responsible for the benga coal project in that province . "
he abused me a little for being so slow . 
"why tell that ,  do you think i forgot of that ? "
mr . paine made a request that i should help him . 
"which ,  translated into english ,  means they don ' t have any symptoms  -  - "
you ' re going to use him as a little meat puppet ? 
"once upon a time ,  there was an abbess in a small abbey . "
these pictures represent japanese landscapes at all seasons of the year . 
"produce the money ,  or i will have you arrested ! "
"you lie to me now ,  little girl , "
five hundred and twenty - seven counts of obstruction of justice . 
we ' ll come back to this issue of what did people believe jesus was and that ' s the doctrine of christology . 
i regret to say that i am unable to help you . 
"allow yourself to dream in full color ,  and know with certainty ,  that this dream is achievable if you want it to be . "
"perhaps you should heed your representation ' s advice ,  take some additional time to consider your response . "
"in a country where matchmaking has traditionally meant little or no input from the young people involved ,  couples are wresting back control . "
people whose preferred language was korean or german chose the most secure passwords ;  those who spoke indonesian the least . 
"you were staring at the pocket handkerchiefs ,  eh ,  my dear ? "
the students like to have fun .  and here you can see that it ' s
"i must say ,  i ' d imagined ray to be ,  you know ,  less modern . "
my responsibility as a defend is to look after sovereign matters that protect this state institution . 
the old oak wood darkened by sweating hands .  .  .  and the shadows of the looms on the gray mud walls . 
miss rowling said on her facebook page :  ‘it all started when warner bros came to me with the suggestion of turning fantastic beasts and where to find them into a film . 
"he ' s a horny bastard ,  isn ' t he  ? "
so get some more guys and then it ' il be an even fight . 
"in addition ,  it ' s essential that you reapply your sunscreen every couple of hours ,  especially if you ' re out and about  -  -  one morning slathering of spf 100 won ' t last you until sundown ! "
"there ' il be ambushes ,  enemy fire ,  your own little personal slice of  ' nam . "
when the molecule increases to a certain amount  -  - 
zuckerberg said to him :  let ' s connect the world together .  he said that this would not be an ordinary startup acquisition – it would be a partnership .  he said he wanted to put koum on facebook ' s board . 
i ' d like mr .  randallto speak it word for word . 
"an atm that spits out cupcakes instead of cash doesn ' t necessarily scream  "" genius business idea .  ""  nevertheless ,  the quirky invention is now filling a popular demand in the american market :  late - night cravings for freshly baked sweets . "
the reason certain things seem impossible is simply because nobody has achieved them yet . 
"data ,  i ' m sure it ' s a fascinating experience ,  but perhaps you should deactivate your emotion chip for now . "
crucial talks in greece to try to form a new government are to resume on monday . 
"and in particular ,  whether we ought to be giving them access"
"none of the people who came into close contact with the patients have developedsymptomsof the flu ,  the health department said . "
if you tell the pianist to think about how she ' s hitting the notes
that would appear to be the last line of defense before the town of mopti . 
"hard to imagine a better way to express the vitality and questioning that has characterized china ' s art scene for the past 30 years .  after the devastation of the cultural revolution ,  artists gradually gained easier access to european and american art scenes and could stay abroad for longer periods .  they were now experimenting and pushing boundaries ,  looking outward and inward ,  wrestling with the past as they shaped their future . "
"“majors such as economics and marketing are tools .  but this is a university ,  not a school of technology , ” said du . "
i wonder how many bobbies i would see in trafalgar square on a similar occasion . 
"the other half were left untreated as controls .  they then dipped the gold into a solution containing the protein ,  allowing it to bind to the treated squares ,  and dunked the whole lot into a heated solution of iron salts . "
do you have that game with the words ? 
"cloisonne  -  enameled in black ,  24 k gold electroplate  ( back is all gold )  . "
" "" but i just ca n ' t see you in the role of a guardian ,  ""  and she laughed ,  hoping to disconcert him . "
there ' s no need for such an order . 
"the poll of 5 , 000 people wasconducted by global research company . "
don ' t allow those big boys to bully you ;  stick up for yourself ! 
"hey ,  summer ,  you want to play me ? "
"okay ,  tigers ,  uh ,  why don ' t we have starters take the field ? "
"based on the analysis of documents [ 1 ] and [ 2 ]  , the author of this paper has discovered that the grey relatedness of each component discipline of the women ' s haptathlor is related to the starting point and length of ar - ray , the information capcity of data and the metabolism of information , not unitary . "
"it took some time ,  but we are finally getting “clean” numbers ,  or at least ,  numbers that are probably closer to reality than the previous data ,  said patrick chovanec ,  chief strategist at silvercrest asset management . "
"perhaps ,  it is that twenty - five years ,  has blurred their memories ,  while away their yearning for home . "
we still have that barbie that would say that she hated math . 
or waiting for the magic battery to show up . 
you don ' t even have to open the cash register . 
let us have your instructions for packing and dispatch . 
"that when helium atoms touch each other ,  they repel . "
" "" what concerns us is that they pulled out some of their troops ,  they maintain at least eight checkpoints across the region ,  and another eight or nine in the western part of the country ,  including areas ,  which have never been part of any conflict zone ,  areas where there has never been any russian military presence ,  including peacekeepers ,  ""  lumaya said . "
" "" so when you start the game ,  the world is very violent ,  ""  explained burak .   "" the world is filled with terror attacks or military actions by the israeli army .  and as you make progress  -  -  if you make progress  -  -  those things will start to disappear and you see less and less violence ,  and you see that people start to support your concessions ,  and that the other side is responding positively to what you ' re doing .  "" "
"for instance ,  some quite odd people have said ,  either in interviews or directly to me ,  that they were influenced by me . "
"he felt a pang of alarm ,  which sharpened when he found he could think of nothing to say . "
it is his contention that taxes are too low . 
and you can do this with the flexibility of using a global handler or a different one on each node as you see fit . 
"if we charge into them head - on our speed is added to their speed .  if ,  on the other hand ,  we are moving away from them ,  our speed is subtracted from their speed . "
"continental divide ,  in short ,  the rainwater or snowmelt will go into either the pacific ocean or the atlantic ocean depends on which side of the mountain it falls or flows . "
"sb :  sink ,  toilet ,  yes ,  these are all memes ,  they ' re all memes , "
"however ,  your site can do much more than mimic your identity . "
" "" but what ' s that got to do with us coming a cropper on the exchange ?  "" "
"jaya murthy is spokesman for the un children ' s organization ,  unicef .  speaking with voa from goma ,  murthy described the humanitarian situation there as  "" terrible .  "" "
"as human technologies take on more of the characteristics of nature , "
"according to the test result and the theoretical calculation result ,  and unites the fatigue computations of related specifications ,  confirms the supporting capacity of steel - concrete attachment between the main arch rib and y shape rigid frame and corbel attachment between the former crossbeam and y shape rigid frame in chongqing caiyuanba yangtze river bridge . "
the spiders think you ' re very cute but goodness knows you need a suit
" "" he was talking about angles and said ,   ' if you ' re in this building ,  you would need to take this angle to shoot the president ,  '   "" said joseph brown ,  a senior in the geometry class . "
"with little to differentiate between more than 6 million electronic storefronts ,  models like tian have become the main attraction .  taobao ranks the girls based on sales of the products they pitch ,  as well as their popularity among vendors and fans who can vote on the website .  sellers can then make an online booking to hire a girl to pose with their product . "
and that would be to create a kind of three - dimensional bubble  -  - 
it ' s a new concept of time based on nature which invites people to reflect upon and gain a closer understanding of their mood and daily life on earth . 
the one you are looking for is lupino . 
i don ' t want to hear a mechanical answer . 
"i ' ve done  "" morning pages ""  as consistently for over two years ,  and they have made such a big difference in my attitude about life ,  especially when i was complaining . "
you canreally taste the extra 10 cents . 
so you might as well do what you love . 
"eventually i put the map away ,  but the notion of going to alaska lingered on . "
why would i want to spy on you ? 
"he said ,   "" nature conformable to herself ""   -  -  personifying nature as a female . "
"in life ,  the sense that  "" there but for fortune go i .  "" "
and it ' s about the things little kids do with their parents . 
" "" knowing more about the natural history and ecology will definitely help designating conservation priorities for an animal that is really struggling with a lot of different pressures right now .  "" "
"the reason why there are 265 different ways of saying immediately ?  according to professor christian kay ,  who has worked on the project for the past 40 years ,  it is down to the human tendency to procrastinate .   ( procrastinate :  foreslow ,  adjourn ,  proloyne ,  protract ,  tarry ,  defer ,  delay .  .  .  )   "" a lot of the words that once meant ' immediately '  came to mean ' soon '  ,  so you then needed another word that really meant ' immediately '  .   "" "
"paul ,  i am sick and tired of your lies . "
and this has been demonstrated in a whole raft of fascinating studies
"presidential contender barack obama won the endorsement of a former rival tuesday in his battle with hillary clinton for the democratic party nomination .  obama also got some good news in national polls as he and clinton prepare for a debate later tuesday in cleveland ,  ohio . "
i came to rip off any of this dusty old shit that the man has . 
please provide company name and address in both chinese and english . 
"luanda ,  angola ,  2 july–angolan state energy firm sonangol and total have announced they have begun production in the rosa field in deepwater block 17 off the coast of angola . "
"if you hadn ' t slipped and fallen ,  you wouldn ' t have broken your leg . "
"like a chastened schoolboy ,  the 39  -  year  -  old took his verbal beating . "
my whole morning ' s work has been put out of gear by that mishap
perhaps you will not want to see
and the yellow line is the most optimistic estimate . 
you really think you can coach in my league ? 
we all need mirrors to remind ourselves who we are . 
"as young men ,  his four sons would play the bagpipes to welcome guests — mainly prospective advertisers — aboard . "
a cluster of small iron balls formerly used as a cannon charge . 
an experimental wind - tunnel investigation was undertaken to determine the characteristics of lift - enhancement and oil - flow patterns of close - coupled canard - configurations with different sweep delta - wings and delta - canards . 
"no matter whether you are attending a black tie dancing ,  a cocktail or beach party ,  a quick dress cocktail dresses will be a excellent choice . "
" "" we ' re just not seeing many people queuing up to enter into the market given the perceived barriers ,   "" clark said . "
"typically ,  it ' s a doctor giving a job to a nurse . "
"and munich is not a bad example of that , "
you still haven ' t told me where you ' re from . 
you ' re treating him for addison ' s and you don ' t think it ' s gonna work ? 
"we find out that although the pattern we get is very intricate , "
it distributes itself throughout your brain and acts as a contrast material for the magnetic resonance imager . 
"because i ' m going to the internet ,  which is where everybody goes . "
"under ct ,  troops stick mostly to safest areas ,  using airpower to hit terrorist havens . "
to dream and imagine what it will really take
"this episode is called “corporate sponsorship , ” about when a company decides to give money to help an organization . "
"berk and others had already shown that actually watching a funny video ,  or just laughing at a joke ,  could make healthful changes in the levels of hormones involved in stress and lower blood pressure . "
meanwhile you can even kick the worries about massive fat to the curb . 
you have all your affairs in order ? 
"but let us honor what it has bought us , "
"well ,  you know ,  it was beginner french ,  that i am taking with her ,  you know . "
"yet unless a system stabilizes to an equilibrium point ,  it is no better than an explosion and just as soon dead . "
"if another entry for a user defined type is already within the file ,  separate the entries with a semicolon . "
this is actually a simple solid organ like the ear . 
he and his partners spent five months assessing the market and consulting experts . 
you ' ve dragged my family name through the mud .  .  .  from my ancestors down to that .  .  .  cursed child in your womb ! 
"this will give you full control over the focus ,  exposure ,  aperture and iso settings . "
the extent of inhibition by leupeptin was increased when colon mast cells were preincubated for 20 min before ci being added . 
"all i wanted to do was to get better , "
"that ' s what happens when you shoot someone ,  you motherfucker . "
in a pool at a ymca in the dead of winter
"the question now is whether this was an aberration ,  a blip ? "
"it ' s ,   "" how can we give credible hope to that billion people ?  "" "
"how thin it is ,  and how dainty and frail ;  and how it rattles . "
yet they don ' t enjoy equal rights as city dwellers because of household registration requirements . 
"the sunnylands estate ,  the location of the informal meeting ,  is only about an hour’s drive away from pendleton ,  the military base where about 1 , 000 japanese self - defense force troops will participate in a huge joint exercise with u . s .  troops running from june 11 to june 26─to enhance amphibious response capability and island - recapturing techniques . "
eg :  i found it difficult to make both ends meet . 
"for the trust reposed in me ,  i will return the courage and the devotion that befit the time . "
i ' m gonna have crushed velvet seats in . 
british prime minister david cameron said thursday extremist and terrorist violence will be at the top of this year’s g8 summit agenda . 
"it may be obvious to some ,  but to a reading public exposed mostly to translated literature from the chinese mainland ,  unfamiliar with other contemporary chinese writing ,  it may be worth pointing out :   "" chinese writers have radically divergent realities ,  about china ,  about the chinese language ,  ""  ms .  yeh said . "
"some people like horseback ridding ,  but i prefer golfing as a hobby . "
"he is capable of forgiving both outsiders ,  and himself . "
i ' ve been doing some research on addiction -  -  both the biochemical and behavioral aspects -  -  and i think there ' s a problem with the current version of our lie . 
there are so many good new actors around that the older ones will soon have to look to their laurels . 
"that it is obvious that trial and error works ,  and that  -  -  thank you . "
those cameras are there to police ourselves . 
"that can learn on their own ,  that don ' t need to be programmed"
those fleeing across south sudan ' s borders are being helped by a variety of agencies and government ministries . 
"the one behind the attack to gaea ,  is briareos . "
"believing that the revolution was a good thing ,  believing that democracy is a positive change becomes harder , "
"description :  perspective and foreshortening problems a plenty .   ( and once again ,  the re - envision is on indefinite hold . "
i will roll out the red carpet for your coming . 
"some of the technologies mr anderson hoped for  ( and half - envisaged ,  as a graduate in systems engineering from his much - loved georgia tech )  had not been invented when he started . "
she became the mother of zimran and jokshan and medan and midian and ishbak and shuah . 
"there were no great proofs of sorcery in that ,  after all ,  but there was still enough smoke to warrant a surmise of fire ,  and the archdeacon bore a tolerably formidable reputation . "
"her way of life was mean and miserly ,  but she did not know it .  she thought she lived frugally in her middle years so that she could live in comfort and ease when she most needed peace of mind . "
"this change ,  which we have accepted ,  was suggested by a non  -  party person . "
setting appropriate construction parameters to control the ground settlement is the linchpin of shield tunneling . 
"would you be willing to have a nuclear waste dump in your community ?  "" "
"the international community is looking for concrete actions from pyongyang to comply with its international obligations and abide by its commitments ,  including to denuclearize . "
i had no idea that it wasgoing to get so out of control . 
"therefore ,  they can hold their breath ,  so to speak . "
the only emotion i wish to convey is gratitude . 
"if you want a share of the pay ,  you ' ll have to do your fair share of the work . "
"since the beginning of 2010 ,  the price of sugar has increased 100 percent and the price of garlic ten - fold in some regions of china .  hot pepper rose from 4 yuan a kilogram to 40 yuan in may in beijing ,  and the price of potatoes surged 84 . 8 percent from january to june . "
i don ' t understand what you ' re looking for . 
"since then ,  georgia has pulled back its military units and called for negotiations .  but there has been no response from moscow ,  which has been bombing areas outside the perimeters of the breakaway georgian province . "
"learn to set smaller goals that give you more instant gratification along with your larger goals ,  so you can have the best of both worlds . "
further imagery .  i ' m making a new book now with taschen
study on settling rule of formation sand in the liquid fluids . 
and the fourth thing is that you actually did one or the other
"for all practical purposes ,  these various issues were repudiated the middle of 1783 ,  the effect being at ax8 on those who held the depreciating currency while it declined in value9 . "
"arthur c .  clarke was a british science fiction author ,  inventor ,  and futurist） . "
"when told that a salesman on the showroom floor could ,  in effect ,  peer into his computer activities at home ,  mr .  morar said :   ' the less they know ,  the better .  ' "
once they were answered does that bother you ? 
how ' d you happen to be up there after hours ? 
you think you can bring him back to life with that pixie dust ? 
"an indictment or information is presented to the court ,  and a formal arraignment on the charges is held . "
"ambulance crews alerted by a child who a 999 call ,  then the line was cut off . "
he didn ' t realise that shang and i are just too different . 
"that puts france more in line with the us on iran ,  whose uranium enrichment program flaunts un resolutions and threatens not only israeli and regional security ,  but world peace . "
are you bound and determined that this train never reaches the north pole ? 
"for the procedure itself ,  you stand in front of an x -  ray machine specially designed for mammography . "
take your fucking confederate flag - waving ass out of here . 
"the expression of inducible ampcβ -  lactamase coding by chro - matosome is controlled by multiplex amp operon ,  and it is made of five unlinkage genes ,  such as ampc ,  ampr ,  ampd ,  ampe and ampg . "
so that the operation can be made more efficient . 
"when olson came out ,   "" i felt over the hill as a gay man ,  clueless about what gay meant and suddenly alone ,  ""  he writes . "
meet me at refugio ' s in ten minutes . 
"one hundred and fifty pregnant women have been saved since stretcher action began in the year 2000 ,  bringing glad tidings to pregnant women in the mountainous area ,  and creating a new method to reduce the maternal mortality rate . "
"say ,  where people got - a - lotta ,  i ' ll take a mockingbird i caught"
"we have one chance ,  right now ,  to get it right . "
what do you expect coming in here ? 
do people rave about your food ?  offer to cater events . 
old - fashioned valuation is scarily irrelevant in the world of chat apps . 
in the old days of the silent movies  -  - 
"his defense ,  which seems credible on the evidence so far ,  is that the bank masked its skullduggery so completely that no regulator anywhere in the world could get a handle on it . "
"according to police ,  spencer ,  a high school teacher ,  paid two students  $ 100 each to break into his house and try to make off with a stereo . "
"the quake ,  which the broadcaster nhk described as the worst on record in japan ,  occurred at 2 : 46 p .  m .  tokyo time and hit off honshu ,  japan ' s most populous island . "
"he was a handsome man still ,  kathleen adored him . "
"initially the project will focus on fishing activities on the island ,  which has the biggest and best - equipped sea port on the archipelago . "
many experts say further studies into the impact of pesticides are needed .  bbc news . 
you can use things like buckwheat husks or oat hulls . 
"the author analyzes in the paper the nature and the scope of the subject matter in liens and studies the superiority and necessity , possibility of claiming the lien in the contract of construction , and gives some suggestions when in application . "
you ' re a princess . you want a man who will will worship the very ground you walk on . 
"in this town ,  i ' m the blackguy and you ' re the other black guy . "
i have an adult bonobo ape in my pants . 
and a noise that sounds like velcro being yanked off a sticky wall
whom i ' m very close to  -  -  and had three children  -  - 
 ' cause i ' m starting to get cramped here . 
"i will not shoot you ,  but nor am i goin '  down this mountain lookin '  over my shoulder for you , "
all the room keys are in the safe . 
"if you need to implement one of those callbacks ,  you can simply add a method and annotate it to declare that it ' s a callback . "
"we knew we couldn ' t do it by ourselves ,  and by no means"
you could tell that by just looking at them ? 
could you come over here just for a tiny little second ? 
round and round and round my head  ? 
this was one of those instances where i realized
"what have you done ,  what have you done ,  that you should kneel to us ! "
you ' re not putting him out on the streets over some stupid rivalry . 
could he have gotten them from you ? 
"i wish you all the best .  ""  and he signed it ,   "" happy landings ,  "" "
"but here or now ,  a frustrated stayer be to assail his assistant by casting aspersions on some aspect of the toit ' s stay . "
"like many visitors to china in the 1980s ,  dube knew just what to get his in - laws .  he bought a japanese color tv in hong kong and lugged it on and off trains and buses to their home in mainland china .  back then ,  televisions ,  refrigerators and washing machines were luxury items .  few chinese families could afford them . "
there is only a formal resemblance between the two systems ;  they are in fact radically different . 
to try and deal with the mountain of stuff
"as a result ,  both ldap and custom user registries are good alternatives for negating the requirement to grant os privileges over and above that of an unprivileged user . "
"in reaffirming the greatness of our nation ,  we understand that greatness is never a given . "
"according to various studies ,  each of these health issues alone can cause billions of dollars in economic losses . "
"the lower temperature kept his father ' s wines so well that ' they taste years younger than the same wines ,  '  said mr .  troy ,  who keeps his professional warehouse at 55 degrees in part because a lower temperature would cost much more . "
"judging from numerous media analyses and polls after the event ,  it was romney who emerged with the upper hand . "
this can be done numerically by computer or algebraically as follows . 
many homes can no longer make do with the festive cheer that only one tree brings . 
"so deep and sensitive was his aversion ,  that he refrained from going anywhere where he was likely to see or hear of heathcliff . "
"and it ' s all because of you ,  jamie . "
"the previous world record holder was japan ' s seikan  ( aomori  -  hakodate )  tunnel ,  which is 53 . 86 km long . "
"check out our slide show of the best universities in the world to study english .  then tell us ,  do you agree with these rankings ?  weigh in below ! "
i will live the life i choose . 
that we ' re in right now .  but one thing for sure : 
"according to people familiar with the matter ,  the fledgling service had recently rebuffed takeover interest from the social networking company .  facebook declined to comment . "
"thirteen of the arrow shafts were made of wayfaring tree ,  which produces long ,  straight ,  rigid stems of suitable diameter ;  one was partly of wayfaring tree and partly of dogwood . "
"ricky martin说：to trully forgive u will forgive  -  meaning , the more u give to that person whom has hurt u the most , the more u will forget and really forgive"
"many people living in the capital had reportedly fled there from other areas which had been the focus of fighting ,  regarding mleiha as being safe . "
"well ,  i ' il skip their houses when we ' re trick - or - treating . "
"mr .  kerry brought with him ukraine ' s interim foreign minister ,  andrii deshchytsia ,  in hopes of brokering a direct meeting with mr .  lavrov . "
you talked to someone inside tread stone . 
"see you make your way through the crowd .  and say hello ,  little did i know that you were romeo . "
even though we kind of don ' t know it all the time . 
i think i have something around seven pieces . 
"the geography of where people go to work ,  and where they go to live , "
i ' m as fit as a fucking fiddle . 
" "" but i think it ' s important to understand that what the fed is doing at the moment is much less around trying to shore up growth and more trying to take out the … risk for the u . s .  economy that would come from a broader systemic crisis within the u . s .  financial system ,  ""  he said . "
i planned to leave the next day but under the circumstances i decided to stay another night . 
the milking robot can also act as a lab in the farm by analysing the milk for signs of health problems . 
"don ' t lean on the chair , otherwise it will fall down . "
one - sixth of the gdp in india is coming out of mumbai . 
robert costrell is a professor of education reform and economics at the university of arkansas . 
"the paper added that the imf is expected ,  following a recent visit of a delegation to angola ,  to carry out a second mission in september as well as another in october . "
hope is itself a species of happiness which this world affords .   -  -  samuel johnson .  british writer . 
what about if you went out with me ? 
"according to the pamphlet ,  the current in the amplifier can be amplified to 3 amperes . "
the six - party deal reached early last year  -  under which north korea is to give up its nuclear program in return for aid and diplomatic benefits  -  has been stalled by pyongyang ' s failure thus far to produce a declaration of its nuclear holdings and activities . 
"i want to report a strong convergence of views on north korea , "
"because of the snowstorm ,  the churchgoer did not go to church . "
"but don ' t worry  -  -  i don ' t have trouble with english ,  as such . "
and that is how he found her . 
ls there anything special you ' d like to do ? 
these goods didn ' t sell well merely because of the poor packing . 
"once ,  in the dim and distant past ,  i live in here . "
"you ' ve got a plane that ' s thousands of feet up in the air , "
so let ' s look at some of the dimensions of human nature
"for example ,  the size of air filter that your home takes ,  or the special lightbulb that a device requires . "
"a governing ,  advisory ,  or disciplinary body of some colleges and universities composed of faculty members and sometimes student representatives . "
the goods we ordered on february 12 have arrived in a damaged condition . 
at daybreak henry cut out of the long line and drove across country in an attempt to reach udine by side roads . 
"i know what you ' re trying to do ,  the pair of you ! "
" "" it is high stakes ,  it ' s no question ,  in this part of the world ,  ""  he said .   "" and i guess i ' d just leave it at that .  "" "
"while you ' re actually trying to do something they ' re paying you to do , "
"i should have loved a piece by the former director robin harris ,  a thatcherite not reconciled to the current dispensation . "
i don ' t think the truth will ever come out . 
"because when you think of non - zero ,  you think win - win ,  you know , "
it took from the stone age to achieve that . 
you thinkgod came down from heaven and stopped -  - 
i told you not to use that word . 
"at the london olympics ,  a 15 - year - old lithuanian girl ,  ruta meilutyte ,  has won the women ' s 100m breaststroke  .  the teenager was visibly shocked after taking lithuania ' s first ever olympic swimming medal . "
qq is the most popular instant messaging computer program .  it was initially developed in 1999 as oicq for instant communication and writing blogs on the mainland . 
what do you want me to do ? 
"corporal ,  we ' il have this one out anyway . "
have you yourself experienced any of the syndromes you write about ? 
"the study showed that ,  on average ,  both groups had about the same amount of blood loss . "
this illiberal turn in attitudes to migration is no surprise .  it is the result of cyclical economic gloom combined with a secular rise in pressure on rich countries '  borders . 
because that ' s what this is about .  i have to simplify this thing . 
a splendid feast of turkey with all the trimmings
"when we fail to see problems at work ,  my supervisor tells us to wake up and smell the coffee . "
fees for appeal shall subject to renegotiation between law firm and client . 
this night is about the two of you and your relationship . 
"victoria was spotted emerging from lax airport that same day with her one - year - old daughter ,  after attending to fashion business in london earlier this week . "
"he apologized for not coming to the party ,  pleading pressure of work . "
"if you already have planned running routes ,  you won ' t feel as apprehensive about running at your destination once you arrive . "
"in december ,  macau exported goods and service to the total value of 1 . 59 billion patacas ,  which was a year on year fall of 25 . 7 percent ,  and imported 3 . 39 billion patacas ' worth of goods ,  or a 10 . 8 percent year on year rise . "
"williams won triple crown twice ,  and was inducted into hall of fame in 1966 . "
 ?  i would have grown up with no education  ? 
rend  -  base damaged increased from 300 to 450 for max rank . 
"for example ,  don ' t just boast ,  tell stories that frame your achievements in an entertaining narrative way . "
"it felt strange to the touch ,  as if coated with something that wouldn’t allow his skin to come in contact with the metal . "
not only did steve dominate one industry  -  -  portable music players  -  -  but he helped totally shake up another  -  -  the music business . 
"he added :  ‘although the assessment was superficial ,  it is obvious that its features do not correspond to any ethnic group in the world . ’"
"the details are still being negotiated ,  according to two people close to the situation . "
"chapter four ,  following the school of clarification of artistic conceptions in classical chinese aesthetics ,  puts the artistic conception of natural dyeing into five categories :  elegance ,  vigor ,  magnificence ,  plain ,  and grace ,  inquires into the methods of achieving each of the above mentioned styles for thepurpose of grasping the features of artistic conception in different kinds of natural dyeing art design and its design methods . "
"it ' s also a story really that is fundamentally optimistic , "
you can ' t just leave your husband whom you have been living with for 4 years . 
"results 218 cases were follow - up for 15 months on average .  all patients achieved solid bone union ,  at an average 12 weeks .  there were no complication in the sereis . "
most of the diamonds in india were found in stream beds . 
"she declared  "" our soldiers enlist to death in the barracks  ""  ,  this became the battle cry of her supporters . "
because we were operating behind a pirate supply store . 
william :  callum said ‘it’s very nice of you to say so’
too hot for this time of year . 
"you are also having closer and closer relations at the people to people level , ” bodomo said . "
"no ,  short of walking into that room .  .  .  with a bloody magnetron around your neck . "
"because the assumption that the aid establishment has made is that , "
a small percentage of the blood alcohol is detoxified through evaporation in the lungs . 
"there is too much money in palm oil ,  as well as timber ,  coal ,  gold ,  zircon and the forest’s other vegetable and mineral riches . "
but i ' il see you when i get back ? 
"as well as field studies ,  cvrd also carried out laboratory tests ,  engineering and market surveys including geo - technical work on the nacala railroad in nampula province . "
"so it seems crazy ,  but the model that we have right now"
"this is not merely as an idiom ,  or as a saying ,  but truth ! "
"upon the permission of the arbitration tribunal ,  the parties may question the appraiser . "
"i ' m in the lead vehicle with sergeant shaw and our guide ,  a civilian contractor , "
and i bought 11 g4s with a stroke of a paddle . 
effects of twig girdling at different shoot stages in spring and autumn on new shoot growth and starch accumulation in the twigs of litchi  ( litchi chinenis sonn . cv . huaizhi ) were studied . 
the perfect performance and rational price find favour in domestic and abroad customers ' eyes .  tt is the first choice of accessories in air conditioner industry . 
easy to treat .  look at the situation in mauritius . 
"the next cplp summit ,  which will be held under the theme of“millennium development objectives–the cplp ' s contributions ”will take place in bissau on july 17 ,  and will be preceded on july 16 by a meeting of ministers from member countries–portugal ,  brazil ,  angola ,  mozambique ,  sao tome and principe ,  cape verde ,  guinea bissau and east timor . "
the incipient lethal temperature are shifted upward by acclimation to warmer temperature . 
one night is  $ 117 and seven -  and 13 cents . 
you were once happy without him .  you will be happy again . 
"at this point ,  it doesn ' t matter what caused the necrosis . "
"that ' s small potatoes relative to google ' s  ~   $ 40 billion ,  but amazon ' s ad revenue stream is probably growing very fast .  and given amazon ' s position as the dominant global ecommerce site ,  the growth potential is likely enormous . "
"it ' s usually long rufus ,  but it ' s a little cold out here . "
the first reason is the people on the ground
"this guy ' s so good ,  people thank him for telling  ' em that they ' re dying . "
"i mean ,  this is all very depressing ,  right  -  - "
"casey said the u . s .  charge d ' affaires in rangoon ,  shari villarosa ,  will be the u . s .  representative sunday at the donors conference there organized by the united nations and asean to be attended by u . n .  secretary - general ban ki - moon . "
"it is made up of 63 per cent protein ,  25 per cent carbohydrates ,  three per cent lipids and nine per cent minerals . "
you can do more than strike while the iron is hot ;  you can make the iron hot by striking . 
"the good time is over when you think ,  how good is it ? "
its colour make the moth indistinguishable from the branch it rests on . 
"even the republicans got into the act -  -  in a way .  a web page put up by the republican national committee on wednesday afternoon was headlined  "" obama ' s second - term agenda .  ""  under it was an empty binder . "
"study co - author atsuko saito explained to the website that dogs have evolved ,  and are bred ,   ' to follow their owner ' s orders ,  but cats have not been . "
another job landed !  !  !  in early september i ' ll be doing two or three days of shooting some comic sketches for a cook county judge ' s campaign .  they will be on the internet and possibly tv but not positive .  this truly looks like a fun and light - hearted project !  ! 
"granted ,  i tend to get married fast ,   ' cause i ' il take any woman that ' il have me . "
"learn compassion ,  and learn to help ease the suffering of others . "
"on the 100th floor of a super - modern and comfortable building , "
figure 5 shows an example of how annotations appear in the document analyzer . 
she sent me to ask you for a goldfish . 
he started early to the effect that he might get there by lunchtime . 
"a  "" delhi declaration ""  adopted at the end of the summit pledged to strengthen the partnership between india and africa .  both sides also said they will work together to protect the interest of developing countries on issues such as trade negotiations ,  reform of global institutions and climate change . "
" ?  that will ignite my love song ,  my song of life ,   ? "
he loved to talk big and brag about a variety of things to other people . 
i thought i had more things to pack . 
"in so far as we are rational and reasonable beings at all ,  we have developed as members of a society ,  within its social framework and institutions . "
and we have to embody all our data and all our knowledge
"i could do something that matters ,  too . "
"one step  -  -  i mean ,  chemists have weird minds  -  - "
because i personally worked on one of the biggest debts on the continent  -  - 
"and with the eyes of the world focused on the white house ,  here in australia ,  burglars have broken into a meat factory in brisbane and stolen a ton of pork sausages . "
to someone who has attempted to end their life
this is how it looks like in practice .  we have this grass we want to get rid of . 
i can hear my own ear . think about that . 
it’s also trying to strike a balance between curbing inflation and maintaining the economic growth rate . 
the music is so loud it make my ear ring . 
i see that your face is branded . 
"sharing a vision for where we want to be in a few months '  time and how they will benefit from it brings other teams along .  and when everyone participates or at least understands the process ,  they ' ll also better understand how and why you got there . "
and i am paying by your work . 
in the middle of a sports stadium and the next atom
"if i win ,  you can be my secretary or something . "
what they have to figure out now is which republican candidate can best deal with it . 
"like that poor little lamb ,  who i hope isn ' t quivering anymore , "
"they can ' t leave 20 , 000 officers behind the front line . "
juno was the queen of the roman gods and goddesses . 
"you know ,  i ' ve been doing it for weeks . "
"in the next part of this series ,  i will discuss the common scenarios ,  the relevant solution patterns for these scenarios ,  and will look at the most common issues affecting these scenarios . "
"let me guess ,  you dropped them in the letterbox by mistake . "
"now ,  let ' s go get those viet congs . "
"you’re usually resting against another object ,  such as the wall . "
"as one polynesian said ,  he said ,   "" i felt like jumping in the sky .  "" "
"the more you learn about how meat affects your body and how the majority of animals are treated before becoming “meat ” ,  the less appetizing it becomes . "
why was it that we seem to have come out of africa so recently ? 
swimming is the best way to tone up your body . 
and so you ' re bound to make your new drug look better . 
i don ' t know if it ' s a country or a city . 
the kinetics of au nanoparticles self  -  assembled on dithiol  -  modified gold chip was investigated . 
i think we could go for full custody . 
"so you are not talking about low cost ,  you are talking about ultra - low cost . "
the world has no time for little people like you . 
"always remember that some people would beg to have your job ,  so don ' t take it for granted .  sure ,  it may not be perfect or what you want to do for the rest of your life ,  but focus on what you can do in the present to make your job matter . "
that we had to take off that fur coat and throw it away . 
killing a soldier removes one enemy from the fray .  wounding him removes three :  the victim and the two who have to carry him from the battlefield . 
"no ,  it is the inaccessibility that raises the perceived value of some items . "
"like the speaker before me ,  i am  -  -  that ' s the ted virgin ,  i guess  -  - "
"being different from customary method ,  the rational rigidity seismic design  ( rrsd )  is a new way of the aseismatic design for high - rise steel structures .  it transforms deformation checking computation into the structural rigidity design so that we can do the aseismatic design initia - tively and make it more scientific and rationally . "
boy !  my shoulders are stiff .  i wish someone would give me a massage . 
"thank you for your luncheon invitation for sunday afternoon ,  january the tenth ,  at one o ' clock . "
the 11 - year - old girl at the center of this incident is known to be mentally impaired . 
so you don ' t know where it was before you looked at it . 
and so light shone upon the dark ages of europe . 
"although men were equally as likely to desire “romantic dates” with “taken” friends as with single ones ,  women were sensitive to their male friends’ relationship status and uninterested in pursuing those who were already involved with someone else . "
and he is one of the most knowledgeable beekeepers i ' ve ever met . 
in a lot of the technology that is done today . 
what we found in coral reefs is that the inverted pyramid
the lifeboat is launched immediately to rescue the four men . 
"in contrast ,  some chinese economists and business leaders have criticised the move by the boj ,  saying it would hurt export competitiveness in other countries and could trigger large capital inflows to china and push up inflation . "
"it didn ' t  -  -  that chemical engineering block john ,  how ' s it going ? "
but her specialty is in traditional chinese painting .  some of her work has been good enough to be exhibited in the national museum of china . 
u . s .  president george bush says washington will continue to act to stabilize financial markets shaken by fears of a global financial meltdown .  the world ' s major central banks are joining forces in hopes of restoring investor confidence . 
the tear - stained airmattress in the back of the van . 
"lena forecasts combined sales of“900 million euros ”in 2007 ,  up 73 percent from the 520 million euros posted in 2006 ,  the statement added . "
due to circumstances beyond our control the lecture was cancelled . 
i think it would be simpler if i sent you our booklet on conference hotels . 
this expression is when you are saying i don ' t care about something ;  it ' s not important to me . 
"totally energy was severely deficient , and it was lower than rda in 80 %  of children , among whom 80 %  , 65 %  , and 73 %  were lower than rda in protein , fat , and carbohydrates , respectively . "
"you will not make a good teacher ,  unless you feel teaching is your vocation . "
"that’s right ,  you can purchase lip balm imbued with the delicate flavor of cheetos . "
"given simple and complex ways to solve the same problem ,  the simple way is always used provided that it doesn ' t impact the integrity or aesthetics of the structure . "
the preparing of sm 2 fe 17 n x anisotropic powder with high performances . 
"sodium chlorate production process with bittern as raw material is described ,  and its advantages are discussed . "
my daughter likes to describe her fantastic dreams to me . 
which is to build a computer that works like the brain . 
pat your face with mild yellow mustard for a bracing facial that will soothe and stimulate your skin . 
"for the productive foreign - investment enterprise set up in the development zone ,  of which the operational period in above years ,  from profit - making year ,  after reducing or remitting the corporate income tax expiration according to the regulation of the tax law  ( remitting years and reducing years )  ,  from the sixth year to the end of the tenth year , 50 %  of the local profit from corporate income tax should supported the finance of the development zone . "
"the paper summarized the nutrition ,  healthy ,  development and utilization of loquat .  the study provides a reliable basis for the development of loquat . "
"in some places ,  they are as close as every 200 feet . "
the teacher was extolling her work to the skies . 
"and if the shipbuilding industry adopts them for building new ships , "
this is the second project that i did .  it ' s a fax machine . 
"they plumb the depths down to 600 meters ,  in temperatures to one degree centigrade , "
"train for tsuen wan is departing ,  please stand back from the doors . "
doing whatever you like is now crossing a line . 
"killing the indigenous looks bad ,  but there ' s one thing that shareholders hate more than bad press ,  and that ' s a bad quarterly statement . "
some sellers won ' t mind throwing their furniture or decorations in with the home since they are moving anyway . 
"they are doing a far superior job than you are ,  my friend . "
"now ,  what ' s great about this is anybody can do this . "
the nation ' s unemployment rate rose to 8 . 2 percent in may . 
the reception gives the wedding guests and opportunity to congratulate the newlyweds . 
"vo ,  because i might as well say '   "" i ' m a fag . "
i wish i had pleasured myself rather than serving that wicked god . 
" "" a strong protest has been launched with nato  /  isaf in which it has been demanded that strong and urgent action be taken against those responsible for this aggression .  "" "
"shoulder - backpacks are back in fashion this year and you’ll need a bright colored or statement - making one to stand out .  riveted styles ,  skulls or flowery patterns are good choices . "
"days before next tuesday ' s u . s .  presidential and congressional election ,  u . s .  lawmakers heard from economists and other experts about the impact of recession on americans ,  and pros and cons of a new economic stimulus package for the u . s .  economy .  majority democrats are expected to call congress back into session in mid - november to focus on the u . s .  financial crisis and possible new legislation aimed at stimulating the u . s .  economy . "
we do only what we ' re meant to do . 
that comes up those very same nerves back up to your brain . 
"the commission made up to analyze this issue ,  which is being supported by the world bank and by russia ' s alrosa group and diamond giant de beers ,  will present its conclusions to the angolan parliament in june . "
but we must eat the yellow wobbly parts the good lord serves . 
"almost as a reflex action ,  i grab my pen as the phone rings . "
"the bureau added that the number of visitors from china ( over 11 . 7 million )  and hong kong rose 25 . 1 percent and 0 . 9 percent ,  respectively ,  whilst visitors from taiwan fell 5 percent . "
has anyone been in the devil ' s safe ? 
"and if they ratify it ,  then they ' ll drag out the implementation ,   "" she says .  ""  there ' s just no political will . "
she will also be speaking at a middle school in chongqing . 
"their daughter clara  ( named after clara zetkin ,  a german proto - feminist )  ,  and son serge  ( victor serge ,  a belgian - russian revolutionary )  are somewhat different . "
i don ' t know how you came up with colorado . 
"as a responsible power ,  washington should take a responsible stand on major issues of principle . "
"to tell me the story for their entire first visit , "
i ' m in the governmentand i don ' t even trust it . 
"it’s got all the aesthetics of its original 9 . 7 - inch counterpart and is incredibly thin–just 7 . 2 mm ,  23 percent thinner than the ipad . "
bangladesh has a history of boating disasters because of its lax safety standards and frequent overloading of vessels . 
"yeah ,  but i had talked to coach benson ,  we ' re brand new -  - "
"hey ,  coz ,  you got what i need ? "
"mom just sent you here to spy on me , didn ' t she ? "
this is typically the best position for a woman to reach orgasm because she can control the angle and speed of penetration . 
"andrew nolan ,  30 ,  a lawyer living in london ,  had planned to fly to los angeles on april 30 .  but the conflicting travel advisories left him so uneasy that he decided to stay put . "
so despite all sorts of experts like me flying around the planet and
"goods which are easily damaged ,  in particular glasses ,  need special packing . "
"therefore ,  it is necessary to form insurance credit system and take measures to cultivate insurance credit ,  to regulate the insurance transaction ,  to punish the behavior of dereliction of credit ,  in order to lead the insurance market to go in the way of credit . "
according to the instructions from the head office bank n has roughly underdone 3 years '  correction of misconduct particularly in operational risk management . 
but let me ask you something .  have you ever literally tried to smell the flowers on your way to work ? 
"for a better future ,  i came to this side .  and the truth is ,  we really suffer a lot to get across . "
"nor will it lead to great cheers among those who think very little or nothing should be done .  so he has charted a middle ground here ,  ""  he said . "
"and that means that if we want to avail ourselves of it , "
"the united states and china are also working as international  -  -  with international partners to counter the threat posed by the spread of nuclear weapons ,  materials and technology ,  so called nonproliferation . "
are you out of your damn mind ? 
"if he was created to love ,  then we can assume he can hate . "
from this the captain was able to piece together all the information that had come to light . 
you can only bring into focus what you are focusing on .  the rest will blur into the background . 
"the two - hour visit was the first china has granted to a foreign official seeking a close view of the liaoning ,  a refurbished ukrainian ship that is the centerpiece of the county ' s naval ambitions . "
you ' re not supposed to be here in the first place . 
then we request a ship be dispatched to ascertain the fate of the one . 
"the study showed that a spouse not only picks up on an employee ' s sense of work situation ,  but also unconsciously observes his or her behaviors during non - work hours ,  to form opinions that then reinforce the employee ' s own notions about the company . "
i used a little tweezer which i made from a hair clip . 
"she told me this .  she said ,   "" i walked out of auschwitz into life"
obama will not visit mandela during his time in south africa . 
june cohen :  i have a quick question for you .  so these drugs aren ' t exactly  .  .  . 
rot in the tree trunk caused the tree to fall . 
should i get you ice chips or something ? 
oil from other parts of the world that they don ' t own . 
"the photograph was made using a camera obscura and a sheet of pewter coated with bitumen of judea ,  an asphalt that when exposed to light ,  hardened permanently . "
"so as you go up the levels it represents ,  generally multiplying by factor of 10 or 100 . "
that can ' t look good on your resum ? 
"vacant properties are magnets for crime ,  and once one house in a block has been vandalised ,  and often set alight ,  the problem tends to spread . "
"you ' re in there ,  you want to go to the end of the corridor . "
"that is ,  that you will act in this dismal matter by my advice and direction . "
"in suitcases or in containers ,  in cash of course . "
"but you are a self - proclaimed atheist ,  and my daughter is destined to marry a catholic . "
"this point one is  # 1 because it ' s the first point of interaction ,  not to mention the most - commonly screwed up . "
"to making a whole bunch of money and having a lot of impact , "
"can i clear these for you ,  sir ? "
 ' it is encouraging to hear children are experimenting with food from different cultures from an early age and are not afraid to try different flavours .  ' 
she is with the national association for sport and physical education . 
"bai often linked historical events with current issues .  when he lectured about the three kingdoms period ,  he would include discussions about the hotly debated mystery of the tomb of cao cao . "
and i was met with a lot of encouragement . 
"the historian ,  bettany hughes ,  who i interviewed last week in this paper ,  loves them because they crop up in so many ancient myths . "
it ' s about one kilometre from here to the store . 
"in a world of doctrines and positions ,  he was impossible to box . "
parts per million is commonly used as a measurement of what ? 
there our childhood had been penned up by an honest old dame . 
that was my family on bethlehem pike . 
"in this section ,  you will create another jms integration service similar to what was done in the previous section .  the only difference is that this retrieves  (  ""  get  ""  )  the message . "
"half a century ago ,  no one had thought of world food ,  world health ,  world education . "
"i ' m gonna be on the radio ,  talking about life . "
one of the fastest ways to cut our dependence
"and you see they’re both very fit now ,  ""  he said . "
"not only can budget travelers find the basics — from hotel rooms to great meals — at reasonable prices ,  but the country also has a ton of free parks ,  discounts and other services specially for visitors . "
"owned and lead by angolans linked to the financial sector ,  the bank is focused on the middle ,  upper middle ,  and upper segments . "
"the richest people in africa are heads - of - state and ministers , "
hence this is a matter of the utmost importance to the army . 
"“within a short time you will see a joint evnture between cnooc and petrobras .  we are determined to make a big investment in brazil and we want to talk about that in detail with the brazilian goevrnment ,  ”said fu ,  cited by monitor mercantil . "
benzene is a ring that ' s made up of six carbon atoms and six hydrogen atoms . 
"london ,  united kingdom ,  10 oct–angola is to have another airline ,  fly 540 angola ,  following an agreement established between the pan - african group lonrho and angola ' s gefi ,  sociedade de gest ão e participa ções financeiras . "
"the pivotal clinical trial we call the phase three , "
many japanese politicians had perceived that the country did not go to obtain to aguentar much more . 
purpose to investigate the curative effect of acupuncture and chinese medicinal herbs on chloasma . 
the region a duchy in 1806 and was absorbed by prussia in 1866 . 
i just feel like i finally found this place where i belong . 
"so ,  go show  ' em what you got ,  all right ? "
what would they need in order to grow on the surface ? 
"at the same time ,  the paper reported ,  the justice ministry has launched a tender for software for centralizing the country ' s civil records office . "
it must be shu looking for me . 
this is a live project and you are go . 
"if we think of 100 as being like a square , "
"in the soil room ,  you couldn ' t see anything . "
i wish there was some way we could help them . 
"with the example of dimension , shape and position tolerance for both idle and fuel cease position in fuel injection pump , by comparing and analyzing the design approaches such as theoretical calculation and cad drawing , this paper introduces the basic design method and some important points in developing the idle advance pumping element . "
here ' s what happened .  see that line on the very top
"in wrangham ' s view ,  fire did much more than put a nice brown crust on a haunch of antelope .  fire detoxifies some foods that are poisonous when eaten raw ,  and it kills parasites and bacteria .  again ,  this comes down to the energy budget .  animals eat raw food without getting sick because their digestive and immune systems have evolved the appropriate defenses .  presumably the ancestors of homo erectus — say ,  australopithecus — did as well .  but anything the body does ,  even on a molecular level ,  takes energy ;  by getting the same results from burning wood ,  human beings can put those calories to better use in their brains .  fire ,  by keeping people warm at night ,  made fur unnecessary ,  and without fur hominids could run farther and faster after prey without overheating .  fire brought hominids out of the trees ;  by frightening away nocturnal predators ,  it enabled homo erectus to sleep safely on the ground ,  which was part of the process by which bipedalism  ( and perhaps mind - expanding dreaming )  evolved .  by bringing people together at one place and time to eat ,  fire laid the groundwork for pair bonding and ,  indeed ,  for human society . "
getting the manager to accept our new plans in addition to implementing our original ones was really the icing on the cake . 
"in this simple example ,  it is easy to track the original and branch requirements . "
"i ' m not here shoveling shit ,  but ,  dad ,  i ' m doing my share . "
this particular extra trunk is a meter across at the base
u . s .  assistant secretary of state christopher hill ' s stop here tuesday is the second on his latest attempt to push the north korean nuclear disarmament process along . 
she shouldered her rucksack and set off along the road . 
now tell us how you made your grandmother glad . 
"he added that over the years ,  china had built more than 10 projects in cape verde including a dam and a library that had provided economic and social benefits . "
"located in the black canyon on the arizona  -  nevada border ,  this concrete arch  -  gravity dam —which stands at a jaw - dropping 726 feet tall— at tracts approximately 1 million visitors each year . "
comparison research on two steric factors of dsmc in thermochemical non - equilibrium reactions of dilute gas flow
"belyaev ,  27 ,  from st petersburg ,  russia ,  said :   ' once i was driving on a street in st petersburg and saw the street lampsilluminatingpeople trying to hide from the rain . "
"and i think they will be good for you ,  too . "
"the females were sired twice in the ninth century ,  and one abundance time within the renaissance . "
think you can catch a harimao that easily ? 
"no ,  you ' re not ,  you ' re right here . "
"the storm destroyed hundreds of thousand of hectares of crops and killed 69 million farm animals .  the agriculture ministry ' s zhang yuxiang said the chinese government is providing  $ 20 million ,  seed and technical support to help farmers get back on their feet . "
"if i focus the rays of sun with a burning glass ,  even in the coldest days of winter ,  i can kindle a fire with ease . "
"therefore ,  what we mentioned above is the core of the agile manufacturing though . "
"frame / elevator of palletizer and trolley / elevator were attached with precision linear bearings ,  their movement was controlled inverter . "
not a bad idea .  i don ' t know .  i need to talk to janine
is that they ' re using a lot of the latest production technology . 
so how far away is the school ? 
so that when there was a sudden accidental discovery
"luanda ,  angola ,  3 aug–the angolan government plans to convert the former railway stations of caminhos - de - ferro de luanda ( cfl )  ,  located along the luanda / ndalatando / malanje route into hotels as of 2011 ,  angolan news agency angop reported tuesday . "
now we all live in some kind of a social and cultural circle . 
your room is very untidy ;  go and put it in order . 
i ' m gonna miss my sitcom audition . 
"it is expected that in 2004 ,  china link ,  link between the residential lots is good ,  a lot of residential areas should be a new track in traffic back  - end . "
fear is a fact of everyone faces from time to time . 
we ' rejust gonna end up taking them down with us . 
"the main products are drag link ball and suspension swinging arm ball for automotive steering systems ,  rob ball for steadily connecting rear and front and other ball or linchpin connectors for automobiles . "
the paper presents a new measuring instrument used for detection of photometric chara  -  trinities of vehicular lamp . 
"the meeting was called at the request of ukraine ,  they are worried about their territorial sovereignty and their territorial integrity"
"travelers digest ' s top ten cities with the most beautiful woman says kiev is  ' without a doubt ,  home to the world’s most beautiful women '  . "
"and try and just close the loop with some of my personal stories , "
the product was so successful that its name became a household word . 
" -  -  as soon as you ' re off the planet ,  unless you have a spaceship . "
"if you are not available during the recruitment day ,  please email detailed curriculum vitae together with salary expectation to . "
i don ' t know what you ' re talking about . 
"with some regularity we hear about the latest beauty - pageant contestant who has responded to a softball of a question with an epic fail of a mistake ,  a bizarre opinion or an incoherent ramble .  there ' s the panamanian contestant who believed that confucius invented the philosophy of  ' confusion ,  '  the miss hawaii who described the u . s .  only in terms of the  ' rocky shores '  and '  sandy beaches '  of hawaii ,  and the miss south carolina teen usa who explained that americans don ' t know enough geography because too many people can ' t afford maps . "
"during an official trip to israel ,  republican congressman kevin yoder decided to go skinny dipping . "
in which to step outside our quotidian experience of time
black walnut shells are so hard they require special crackers . 
i always said i never know where that fifth thing ' s gonna be . 
experts say such large numbers of dismissals are rare in american schools . 
worldly people bow the knee to success as to god . 
"i have heard one of your axioms is  "" true benevolence is the love of mankind "" "
don ' t be afraid to show your weakness every once in a while and let your loved ones help you . 
"in the first seven months of 2008 trade between china and the seven portuguese - speaking countries totalled us $ 43 . 93 billion ,  a year on year rise of 88 . 7 percent . "
"and make no mistake about it ,  you are dumb .  you ' re a group of incredibly well - educated dumb people .  i was there .  we all were there .  you ' re barely functional .  there are some screw - ups headed your way .  i wish i could tell you that there was a trick to avoiding the screw - ups ,  but the screw - ups ,  they ' re a - coming for ya .  it ' s a combination of life being unpredictable ,  and you being super dumb . "
"meet the ‘ transition ,  ’ a new light sport aircraft developed by mit aeronautical engineers at us based terrafugia . "
"look ,  the baggage over there is mine  . it is coming to us . "
your uncle rico made it very clear how you feel about me . 
you want me to talk to her ? 
we ' re running with the shadows of the night
the air  -  conditioning quit on us in mid  -  july . 
"and of course ,  other things while we were there . "
"wen is glad that she stuck to it .   "" i gained more knowledge ,  logical thinking skills and a wider range of career paths ,  ""  she says . "
the one you were with the other day . 
"his popularity has only grown in the years since he left office .  for example ,  in january ,  clinton sent an email to supporters ,  and shortly after ,  his wife ' s 2008 campaign debt was paid off . "
they´ve even got the last scion looking foryou . 
you and detective balder haven ' t worked together since your reassignment . 
"nostalgia is a big part of the appeal ,  but not all of it . "
macromolecules cannot approach the ligand owing to steric hindrance of the matrix . 
"the new generation always calls their girl friends or sweeties mazi , and it causes some words and expressions that denote philandering and dalliance . "
did we talk on the phone today ? 
"they didn ' t want to be their best ,  they wanted to be their beft . "
aim at directly in the main mast . 
"mostly at this point i just avoid them ,  but that solution misses the point ,  because then i ’m not being authentic ,  either . "
"similarly ,  there ' s the work of people like marti guixe that tries to involve"
"do not fidget or constantly pull your skirt down ,  as this gives the impression you ' re neither comfortable nor confident wearing it . "
"whereas indian politicians usually pay people to attend their rallies ,  mr modi charges an entrance fee—which is both a sign of the enthusiasm he arouses and a way of making supporters feel they belong to a powerful movement . "
"those choosing to stay in a foreign country cannot escape the challenges which face all new graduates ,  especially when many foreign countries are still struggling with recession and increasing unemployment rates . "
"guo was ranked 100th on the 2004 forbes chinese celebrity list ,  reflecting his popularity and the immense commercial potential he possesses .  he gained success overnight when his city of fantasy book hit beijing ' s book stores ,  having sold more than 1 . 5 million copies .  city of fantasy depicts a fanciful world ,  where the affections of the characters are simple and pure ,  with no worldly obstacles .  guo has tried to convey his thoughts on human nature ,  and his portrayal of rich emotions has been widely appreciated by the readers . "
he went to the commercial business high school as a young man
do you have one with a kitchen ? 
"each nurse took his or her lunch break with the family ,  choosing to spend their  "" off duty ""  time with these people whose laughter and delightful chatter became quite contagious . "
"science parks and incubators created by universities are easier for students to get help from ,  especially for students of the host university . "
large - sized tubes of pasta stuffed with meat or cheese and baked in a tomato or cream sauce
that ' s bigger than a small rat ;  they sun - dry it or smoke it . 
cachtice will be xxx to her children . 
"if there is less ice ,  that sunlight warms the ocean . "
"many times people will say ,  “i want to go to a movie , ” or“i saw a good film last night , ” and they use the two words to mean the exact same thing  -  no difference . "
it turns out that the natural world is full of hyperbolic wonders . 
i looked around in complete bemusement and concluded that i was a misfit here . 
my mid  -  term exams are almost here ;  so i have no time to meet with you . 
"8 .  once you are relaxed and in position to fall asleep ,  set your alarm for the desired duration . "
"still keeping your all - seeing eye on me ,  gabriel ? "
"european union defense ministers have wrapped up a two - day meeting in france focused on beefing up the bloc ' s defense capabilities and looking at eu missions in bosnia ,  chad and elsewhere . "
"and it gets bored ,  so it will then look away at something else . "
"one crucial difference with the travel industry is that internet retailers are usually competing against a lot of different competitors with identical products .  by contrast ,  airlines and hotels have a fixed number of competitors ,  and certain players dominate certain markets . "
"the teams recommended a variety of improvements in lightweight composite structures ,  heat -  and stress  - tolerant engine materials ,  and aerodynamic modeling that can help bring their ideas to reality . "
"for cape verde ,  the forecast is for 3 . 3 percent ( down 1 . 1 percentage point )  and ,  against the aims of the authorities ,  prices in angola should rise once again to reach double figures–11 . 4 percent ( down 0 . 8 percentage points . "
the connection of mass media and sports expand the space of communication immensely and continually .  that ' s make sports exert huge functions on the communication of culture information and business information . 
don ' t settle for the easiest choice but rather use your courage to live a bold and full life . 
caffeic acid  ( ca )  protects cerebellar granule neurons  ( cgns )  from apoptosis induced by neurotoxin 1 - methyl - 4 - phenylpyridnium  ( mpp ~  +  ) 
china has all along attached importance to guaranteeing the various rights and interests of the disabled . 
and they can be modeled by a spring - mass system that we call the spring mass system
"passersby take photos of the star in bookstores ,  small restaurants and at the theater and post them on the internet .  while her fans praise her mystery and grace ,  critics say she is just a product of successful “hunger marketing” . "
the witness ' s descriptions were too imprecise to be of any real value . 
"but for now ,  it seems a long way off . "
"americans ,  by contrast—at least in the maturity of old age—have more intergroup wisdom than the purportedly collectivist japanese . "
"i used to watch you all the time on the carson show ,  though . "
where would she get a word like that ? 
"in spite of such horrors ,  and in spite of such feats as bicycling over 500km in under 72 hours to find a radio operator ,  captain wake was having the time of her life . "
don ' t you know he died over 6 years ago ? 
campbell also said that three hotels would be built in the resort and negotiations were currently underway with parties potentially interested in managing them . 
"the constitution is hot and dry person appropriate eats pear ,  banana ,  watermelon ,  cantaloup to wait slant cold sex fruit ;  the constitution slants cold person appropriate eats litchi ,  longan ,  cherry ,  chestnut to wait ;  the patient appropriate with cardiac muscle dead ,  apoplectic stalk eats the help digestive fruit such as banana ,  orange ,  peach ,  unfavorable eat persimmon ,  apple to wait contain the fruit with more tannic acid ;  appropriate of patient of fat of coronary heart disease ,  tall blood eats hawkthorn ,  orange ,  grapefruit to wait for the fruit that contains vitamin c and nick acid ,  can reduce hematic fat and cholesterol . "
"now ,  this is obviously an idea that robert himself would choose to reject which is why we need to plant it deep in his subconscious . "
"education experts point out that this practice is unethical .  universities require students to write dissertations or papers independently ,  so employing someone else to write them is considered cheating . "
he said it is wrong to think that learning to play a musical instrument improves a child ' s intellectual development . 
we conduct trade negotiations with the german democratic republic . 
"and went on and said ,   "" what does he model ?  "" "
"execution of the first phase of the project will be funded by the government ,  and the second ,  which includes complementary facilities ,  namely hotels ,  business centres ,  banks and others ,  is expected to be funded by the private sector . "
i remember exactly what she was wearing . 
it was almost as if the hole in his heart was so large
mr .  romney accidently introduced mr .  ryan as the future president of the united states a mistake he corrected shortly afterwards . 
"i wonder if they know they are fighting for a cause that was lost the minute the first shot was fired ,  for our cause is really our own way of living and that is gone already . "
the baby - formula companies responded by slashing prices of products sold in china . 
"yo ,  give me my money back ,  man . "
"ason can quickly provide end  -  to  -  end connection ,  and improve the network reliability by multiple protection and restoration . "
the new couple are looking for a house to live in . 
"china boasts at least 120 cities with populations exceeding one million ,  and consumers in these secondary cities have the buying power of shoppers in china ' s largest urban centers . "
"still ,  9 / 11 ,  avian flu ,  and iran remind us that a smaller ,  faster world is not necessarily a safer world . "
china ' s criminal law has set clear demarcations between crime and non  -  crime . 
i ' m afraid of what you ' ve got under there . 
"we ' ll book you order and inquire for the shipping space now ,  so that shipment can be effected within two or three weeks of receipt of your l / c . "
but the new findings suggest that you should ask financial advisers and investment managers :  what adversity have you had to overcome in your life ?  and what does being poor mean to you ? 
"it says she ' s been going to operas ,  concerts ,  museums . "
so i see you ' re still biting your nails . 
there were some fine specimens of rocks and ores in the museum . 
"then we went on to the dreaded fractions .  again ,  he got it . "
"with the gradual opening of electronics laboratory ,  traditional management mode has been incompetent with large numbers of data ,  such as user information ,  experiment data . "
"just by seeing a woman ' s eyes ,  i can immediately tell .  .  .  whether she ' s pregnant . "
the secret of his hand is in his hands . 
" "" that player incurs an extra 10 million dollar penalty .  "" "
the city was struck by the elemental violence of the storm . 
the dog had been fighting and had obviously got the worst of it . 
it was in this congenial atmosphere that the national security council considered the state department ' s proposal . 
now imagine  -  -  let ' s put the ship noise in the picture . 
abel has not been brought up like the run of young men . 
"and what we were dealing with ,  at that point and through those years , "
you ought to make a clean breast of the whole matter . 
"old guy paired up with a young ,  renegade cop . "
" "" the vast majority of employers can ' t pay interns anything close to these figures ,  ""  notes allison willoughby ,  senior vice president of people at glassdoor .  but most companies don ' t have to .  glassdoor ' s surveys of interns themselves show that the only thing that matters more than money is ""  real world experience ,   "" which eight out of 10 interns said was more important to them than the size of their paycheck . "
the lifelong education is the total of training one will have had all one ' s life . 
"well ,  it ain ' t the w ,  but it ' s got a kind of rustic charm . "
"when she let me leave my arm there ,  i placed the cloth on her back . "
" "" republicans and democrats in the house stand ready to pass the senate bill if house leaders would only stop blocking an up - or - down vote and let the majority in the house prevail ,  ""  the president said . "
just relaxand let your mind go blank . 
"but officials here say u . s .  pledges will increase sharply ,  and rapidly ,  as the extent of damage and appeals from hard - hit countries are examined . "
"and ,  a hundred years ago in some european hospitals ,  fear of violence during full moons led doctors tochain uppatients thought to be lunatics . "
that we really have failed to engage with very well in this country
"well ,  my time at the coast guard was a really good time . "
he is a broad  -  shouldered and big faced stout guy with thick whiskers . 
a number of delegations expressed their preferences regarding programmes to be evaluated in the period 1996 - 2000 . 
there was no looseness and shift of internal fixation with improved rate of 100 %  . 
and that ' s a much more elaborate one than you dribble back . 
it turns out you can train the brain of such an individual  -  - 
" "" now i just want to leave the room with a little dignity .  "" "
"this arm injury will put me out of commission for awhile ,  but hopefully i can go back to work soon . "
be informed about your academic profile and compare it to the profile of the most recently admitted and enrolled class for the colleges you are investigating .  check the college admission web site for this information and contact them if you can t find it .  ask your high - school counselor for additional advice and guidance as it applies to your school . 
you might think there was a clear commercial advantage be had in writing clearly and stylishly . 
"except for the purpose of carrying into effect the provisions of this ordinance or so far as may required for the purposes of any legal proceedings ,  whether civil or criminal ,  an auditor appointed under section 9or 9and an employee of any such auditor shall not divulge any information which may come to his knowledge in the course of performing his duties as an auditor or employee under section 9or 91 ,  as the case may be ,  to any person other than - "
it would be a coveted prize to stand beside his new accolade as african player of the year . 
"you ' ve judged others by the color of their skin ,  and today ,  evan ,  you will learn that we are all the same color on the inside . "
"the way that french ' s and gulden ' s did ,  they decided to charge four dollars . "
"on luxury goods ,  authorities have had few qualms about causing sticker shock ,  boosting prices of import and luxury products like the escalade ,  which is slapped with a consumption tax totaling around 386 ,  000 yuan  (  $ 63 ,  000 )  . "
"uh ,  my wife ,  she ,  uh ,  make this cheese . "
"the cat stared at him from its corners ,  malevolent and unblinking . "
you are a really back - seat driver .  many people will get annoyed . 
"i understood so from your letter ,  mr .  bentley . "
maybe i can see ifhe can hook you up with a job . 
" ' has anyone done a comprehensive study and measured the body ' s toxic burden before and after this approach ?  no ,  '  he says . "
chris is now aiming for a new target weight of 15st . 
"summits ,  dinners ,  gala events :  following the fashion and lifestyle fixture is a starry affair .  then again ,  it ' s not hard to figure out why burch embodies her namesake brand so effectively and why so many people aspire to that life . "
"workers have been pulling dead pigs from huangpu river for the past two weeks ,  sparking concern amongst residents and on china ' s microblogs . "
"perhaps we are witnessing a turning point ,  a time when china can draw upon its own culture - makers ,  rather than relying on the ideas and cultural interpretations of china from those abroad . "
the texture and the  -  -  let ' s call it the decoration  -  - 
"but green tea is rich in an antioxidant known as egcg ,  which helps fight wrinkles and rejuvenate skin cells . "
"when postseason winners pitch into trouble ,  they pitch out of it ,  too . "
"this paper takes risk control of credit business of smse for regional branches of commercial banks as foothold ,  on the basis of studying smse ' s characters ,  financial situation and credit risk characters ,  it classifies credit demand of smse ,  and then directly studies each type of business ' s risk control strategy and operating practice of commercial banks depending on the classification ,  which covers risk control measures of three periods :  pro - loan investigation ,  loan examination and post - loan monitoring . "
"the patient says ,   "" well ,  if it ' s metallic and shiny ,  it doesn ' t mean it ' s gold . "
the accident resulted in the death of two passengers . 
i did seven years on camera reports alone . 
"compulsive hoarding is commonly connected to obsessive - compulsive disorder ,  or ocd . "
why do you think you ' re still alive ? 
"and i said ,   "" this car here ' s got one license plate that ' s all crumpled up .  "" "
"on his exploits he catches other cats ,  his favourite hiding places ,  his human owners and even abstract sky shots all on his lens . "
"the commodity futures trading commission is investigating whether the nation ' s largest bank manipulated a market index tied to corporate bonds ,  according to people familiar with the situation . "
"if you come down to the old price ,  we can place an order of a large quantity . "
the two young women died in hospital from injuries suffered when they got caught up in the crush of people trying to enter a stadium hours before the pope held a youth rally . 
"“the number has more than tripled compared to the same time last year , ” said gao ,  20 ,  who majors in computer science at southwest jiaotong university in chengdu . "
"brasilia ,  brazil ,  6 jan–china overtook the united states of america and in 2009 became for the first time ever the top buyer of brazilian products ,  the brazilian ministry of development ,  industry and foreign trade has announced . "
"the force is with us ,  master sidious . "
the huntsman was whipping in his pack of hounds . 
network part in this book covers the basics of the networking . 
"ladies ,  the firstglass wasfree ,  but this one is gonna cost ya . "
"i select this one because it was 1973 ,  and it was a master plan"
"for although the future path of technology can ,  to some extent ,  extrapolated from existing trends ,  the social forces that help or hamper its adoption are far less predictable . "
did she inquire for me ?  i wonder why she wants to see me . 
"you can deprive them of many things ,  but you can never rob them of their spirit . "
in his old age the mathematician developed a fantastic enthusiasm in anthropology . 
men are used to being competitive and so they fear someone could blackmail them or betray them . 
"if you happen to be in town ,  would you ask about it ?  . "
this report described the measurement of spectra in the beam direction for protons emerging from a carbon foil of 5ug / cm2 in thick when bombard by l .  7mev h2 +  ions . 
how kind of you to come in person . 
why don´t you come on around back ? 
a funny little man sitting sort of part way down the mountain . 
"iraq has degenerated into sectarian and political blood  -  letting ,  with civilians the principal victims . "
" "" the digital process becomes a tool ,  almost like a time machine ,  as i ` m embarking on the journey to where i once belonged and at the same time becoming a tourist in my own history .  "" "
"the yearly average was 0 .  601 7 μg / l ,  the ocp en - richment coefficient of the products in mangrove area was highness . "
"they get knowledge from a variety of sources ,  and consider it trivial to skip classes . ”"
the security men changed their usual routine and collected the money at a different time . 
we will also continue to closely consult with our allies as well as newly emerging partners and organizations so that we revitalize and expand our cooperation to achieve common objectives . 
a study of tf and tfpi level in patients with acute coronary syndrome and non - insulin -  dependent diabetes mellitus
i told you not to wear this ! 
"you do not have any rights in china at this time ,  what is your remedy ?  ""  asked susan anthoy of the uspto . "
"this is a deal i had with natasha ,  which is that when we got to atlanta"
"we know that there are words we cannot use , "
you can ' t duck and dive and write different things around things . 
"conclusion : to nurse patients according to recovery plan can abridge their in - bed time ,  avoid inflection ,  reduce complication ,  prevent from electrode dislocation and improve their life quality . "
"cisco will inform affected employees in the us ,  canada and some other countries during the first week of august . "
and now you want to waste your life ? 
"despite ample warning ,  industry analysts and insiders agree that high cost and inconvenience will keep plenty of these smaller players running outdated software for many months to come  -  -  with serious implications for the security of their systems . "
"therefore ,  only the four legs and a layer on top are made of american alder ;  the materials for the other parts cannot be confirmed . "
you know that pineapple express stuff you gave me ? 
"always taking out of the meal - tub and never putting in ,  soon comes to the bottom . "
i feel as though a great weight has lifted from my shoulders . 
"in reply to a bell and a disappearing hall  -  boy ,  olsen ,  the head porter ,  appeared . "
"so it had been a huge gamble ,  but it had paid off . "
"but now what we ' re looking at is not an extension of the physical self , "
"when people celebrate a sports championship ,  if they see someone breaking store windows ,  they might start breaking windows themselves or even steal from the store . "
"governor ,  do not discharge colonel nascimento of duty . "
we made this wallet together out of duct tape . 
some reporters like to play up sensational social news . 
you can ' t con me  -  -  you ' re not really ill !  . 
"were it possible to locate natural botanical products that had both anti -  inflammatory and antihistamine properties ,  then one might find natural cures for allergic rhinitis . "
what kind of qualities would you be shopping for ? 
i sacrificed a lot to not become one of them . 
"and when i looked at it first ,  i thought ,  no ,  there ' s no beauty in that . "
"for elective surgery ,  patients are rarely admitted more than 24 hours in advance and may not be seen by the anesthetist until the evening prior to surgery . "
"by including those closest to you ,  you will reap huge dividends when the inevitable rough spots emerge along the journey . "
"the deputy chairman of chery ,  zhou biren ,  said in his turn that the group was investing in technology to change the inferior product image that chinese cars have . "
"even so ,  a more acquisitive china will be an increasingly noticeable feature of global business in the years ahead . "
1 . evil ;  wicked ;  vicious ;  immoral ;  devilish ;  foul ;  sinister 2 .  debauchery
"it ' s just actually  -  -  you see ,  this is folding up  -  -  it ' s behind the seat . "
"so far as the difference between gods and men is concerned ,  the gods merely had divine powers of hurling thunderbolts in heaven and raising vegetation on earth ,  were immortal ,  and drank nectar instead of wine the fruits were pretty much the same .  one feels one can be intimate with this crowd ,  can go hunting with a knapsack on one ' s back with apollo or athene ,  or stop mercury on the way and chat with him as with a western union messenger boy ,  and if the conversation gets too interesting ,  we can imagine mercury saying ,  "" yeah .  okay . "
when you announce it and teams start to begin doing trials . 
do you know how much i have done for you ? 
"after new york ,  i went home for a week to rest my voice ,  start getting back in shape ,  and think about how to get out of the hole i was in . "
"and then add all of these together and divide by the number of data points but ,  depending on how careful you are ,  actually ,  there are potentially infinitely many points to look at . "
"in the desperate circumstances which followed ,  the government issued ever more notes . "
"this ,  surely ,  is one big accomplishment of the film :  the atmosphere is very true to the times square celebration . "
australia ' s booming economy does not have enough qualified workers and immigration has become an important economic tool . 
the phrase gestures towards grandiose achievement that is out of reach for almost everybody . 
but he soon realized the artistic possibilities of his lithographic printing method . 
do you know who her husband is ? 
"in particular ,  what can all of us do ?  for those of you"
"ecowas plans to send as many as 3 , 300 troops into the nation . "
the schools are in a terrible state .  they produce nothing but rioters . 
there was the barn and the barnyard full of cows . 
one for the road won ' t hurt you ! 
she ' s active in the work of the trade union . 
my uncle say your three days mourning over . 
"thirty - eight molds were isolated from moldy tobacco ,  and were identified as species of aspergillus ,  penicillium ,  rhizopus ,  mucor ,  trichoderma .  the species of aspergillus and penicillium were dominant ones ,  and aspergillus flavus var .  flavus ,  aspergillus fumigatus var .  ellipticus ,  aspergillus niger were detected in all samples . "
i would accept that as an axiom . 
"where would we be without our safe ,  familiar , "
"these documents show that since 1999 east timor has received a total of us $ 1 . 879 billion ,  in the form of development project financing and donations . "
"in an accompanying analysis of people ' s habits ,  dr hallal found equally wide differences . "
she cut his wrist so badly that blood jetted out . 
"you see , while leo would not have gone into rehab ,  it is completely plausible that we would have talked him into leaving the motel and coming home with us .  sheldon , how about this as my motivation -  -  when i was 14 years old , "
"dim fog yarn curl up among blackish green distant mountain ,  little grass ,  greensward of mattress hang one bunches of sparkling and crystal - clear dewdrop ,  the bird is singing ,  the fragrance of flowers is drifting ,  lies on the meadow of mattress of greensward ,  taking a sniff at the fragrance of the green grass ,  look up in the endless blue sky ,  the white cloud floating at will ,  let one ' s own soul be integrated in mountains and rivers ,  enjoy the that time eternity that the sun rose . "
some restraint with food and alcohol as well as exercise benefits you and your patients . 
they are really going to come to operate in this realm . 
" "" i know a few good  -  looking broads ,  ""  johnny said jokingly . "
that generic hot sauce is a step in the right direction . 
"and somehow it ' s also what we used for the last mile , "
"but here ' s where this experiment gets interesting :  in half of these trials ,  the reward option was presented along with an  '  ' episodic cue '  '  derived from a previous  "" prescan ""  interview . "
"hey ,  buck ,  i am so sorry ,  man . "
"this was the vasa ,  royal flagship of the great imperial fleet . "
"almost immediately after yesterday ' s bombing in beirut that has caused for the resignation of lebanon ' s prime minister najib mikati over his government inability to respond in any meaningful way to the attack ,  that ' s because a number of key ministers in the coalition government ally to syria ,  the very country that ' s been widely blamed for the outrage . "
"i ' m standing there thinking ,  "" i gotta be out of my goddamn mind .  .  . "
"and fixing a tag on the blue whale that stays , "
"can you see the bottom yet ,  bough ? "
"but the“new chinese wave ,  ”according to the cape verdean press ,  will also extend to equipment ,  new communication technologies ,  electricity and construction materials ,  as this year construction of the archipelago ' s first cement factory is due to begin ,  on santiago island ,  by the china building material industrial corporation for foreign econo - technical cooperation ( cmbc )  . "
"brown ,  from now on your job is to look after major franklin . "
"yet he did not leave a foot of this granite wall ,  as impenetrable as futurity ,  without strict scrutiny ; "
his frank statements were really out of place at the party . 
"but this was ' not fooling anyone '  because ,  as one escort revealed :   ' it has been many years since these professionals could afford rates that start from €300 per hour .  ' "
"the plan has gone as you had promised ,  my lord . "
huaian datong region on the bounder of hebei shanxi inner mongolia is one of the most important area where the archean granulite complex is relatively completed exposed . 
"if you are driving ,  stop if it is safe ,  but stay inside your car . "
for what have no artificial do i vindicate a ? 
"two months ago ,  the vatican instructed bishops that they must make it a global priority to root out sexual abuse of children by priests . "
"but of late ,  since the night of his vigil ,  all her sympathies towards him had been both softened and invigorated . "
"which is just a french way of saying ,   "" get organized .  "" "
the play succeeded thanks to fine acting by all the cast . 
"some software is still required on the phone itself and unfortunately ,  there is no way to automate this . "
" "" instead of making me take them dives for the short - end money . "
"you visited this afternoon ,  leaving behind these flowers . "
you just need to wait for the right time for all the pain to be forgotten and for all the scars to fade away . 
kenya was under  ( british )  colonial rule for many years . 
" ' as the weather warms up ,  the streets gradually fill up with roadside barbecue spots ,  sizzling kebabs on the grill and cold beer ,  which also create serious air pollution and undesired noise for the neighborhoods ,  '  the state - run china daily newspaper on tuesday quoted dang xuefeng ,  spokesman for beijing ' s bureau of city administration and law enforcement ,  as saying . "
"by making an effort to speak up at least once in every group discussion ,  you ’ll become a better public speaker ,  more confident in your own thoughts ,  and recognized as a leader by your peers . "
"method : rat model of pulp injury was established by pulp exposure .  samples were collected at 6h ,  12h ,  1d , 2d ,  3d and 7d after injury respectively .  pulp tissues respond to the injury were studied with he and immunohistochemical stain . "
there are various regularities and relations among the characteristics of root . 
he said it would start a fire ! 
"he writes an average of eight posts daily ,  mainly about business matters and information about his courses . "
the only reason i got this job is to keep my p . o .  off my back . 
"in contrary ,  underdeveloped rural finance will restrict to the healthy development of rural economy . "
"the two approaches to how we used to obtain food mirrors how we shop in modern times ,  the study believes . "
"well ,  for your information was more than one . "
"according to my information ,  it should appear in this quadrant here .  .  .  just south of the rishi maze . "
"so for now ,  let ' s turn to the evidence for dark matter . "
"in china ,  this worst  -  case scenario has already come to pass . "
"at left ,  a third robot tests technology for navigating through a house ,  controlled by the movements of the researcher in the baseball cap . "
"we wanted to get a temperature probe ,  we stuck it in there , "
if we had some homeland security money like some douche bags i could mention .  .  . 
the two leaders also discussed conflict in georgia ' s breakaway regions of abkhazia and south ossetia .  those areas declared independence from the central government in tbilisi in the early 1990s . 
"nothing ever comes easily ,  and with aspirations of a job like actuary ,  that ' s the dead truth . "
"paying close heed to the practical needs of society ,  the new universities trained men and women to work at its tasks ,  with engineering students being the most characteristic of the newregime . "
and of course in the biology community and the public health community . 
and this uptight couple told the security guard to arrest us . 
the crocodile killed its prey by keeping it under and drowning it . 
a man who betrays his culture should not preach about its customs . 
"when it comes time to do the actual problem set , "
the cost of this project to expand the temane power plant is estimated at 124 . 5 million meticals 8around us $ 4 . 5 million )  . 
"however ,  the imf warned that the country needed to calculate its medium - term public spending ,  and to“speed up structural reforms ,  accompanied by suatined improvements in transparency . ”"
"it was very chaotic ,  it wasn ' t ,  sort of ,  clear what was going on . "
"furthermore ,  these small molecules can converse to more high - value chemicals and can replace the petroleum - based chemicals step step in the future ,  which are meaningful to the sustainable development of economy and society . "
"indicate strong to what get online interest and pressing demand clearly ,  want to get online every day ,  regard as to the advise of anybody and help unheeded advice ; "
another factor in reaching the top is ③ whether you stay with the company you joined as a youngster . 
and i phoned them up and picked their brain
"from thailand ,  the president and mrs .  bush will go to beijing ,  where he will be playing two roles :  leader of the united states and sports fan . "
guess what we put on their browser ? 
tell the crew where you want to go
"that winter ,  i had no place to hide . "
"spring festival period ,  the qingdao region ,  10 days in advance ticket sale  ( railway station )  . "
chapter four analyses the structure and regulatory issues of trust enterprise annuity . 
chills run up and down my spine . 
he is a nice boy but he never sets his step  -  mother on fire . 
she ignored us so she must be a cop . 
"people used to have more respect for cripples ,  you know . "
"hello ?  i ' d like to talk to jone brown ,  please . "
"well ,  nobody ' s gonna go out with me . "
"he found some in the white mountains that were over 4 , 000 years old . "
"and at about the nine day mark ,  they let her go  -  - "
"you can show a mosque ,  or you can show worshippers , "
"my method ,  you will notice ,  is to take the utmost trouble to find the right thing to say . "
" ' parents might buy several apartments ,  one for their child to study in and one to bring in an investment return ,  '  says andrew taylor ,  co - ceo of juwai . com ,  a shanghai - based real - estate portal that features world - wide property listings for chinese home buyers . "
off the beaten path means to explore places that aren ' t really on an established pattern that people normally go to . 
i thought you had to be convicted of a crime before you lived somewhere like this . 
"south vietnamese forces destroyed many enemy weapons .  but they also suffered heavy losses ,  and many american planes were shot down . "
"the american inventor ,  samuel f .  morse ,  is largely responsible for the birth of the expression . "
the previous chapter explored a simple theory of imaginative pleasure :  our minds are partially indifferent to whether an experience is real . 
"and we ' ve accomplished that in about 430 , 000 kids today . "
"now we’re going to here some other expressions ,  and these are for informal situations . "
" "" no .  i know this man better than any of you .  i have met with him over and over again . "
"and i ' m ,  this morning ,  going to talk about this for the first time . "
within that woman you will find sanctuary . 
each code line in php must end with a semicolon .  the semicolon is a separator and is used to distinguish one set of instructions from another . 
two other issues are expected to attract scrutiny from shareholders this year . 
"first ,  i ' m going to try to give you a different perspective of genomics . "
the marketing major from the university of international business and economics recently signed a contract with china construction bank . 
"in c7 radiculopathy subjects ,  forearm pronation weakness accompanies elbow extension weakness in 23 %  of subjects and was the only weakness in 10 %  of subjects . "
this is the nehru cap  -  -  just half a newspaper . 
would you make more time for those people ?  would you prioritize ? 
"men on the left ,  women on right . "
in which all the conventions of spectacle are turned on their head . 
"it takes the codes of behavior and the codes of dress , "
after a disastrous first half the team fight back to level the match . 
"in monthly terms ,  the consumer price index ( ipc )  in august posted growth of 1 . 12 percent as compared to 1 . 14 percent in july . "
"well ,  have you heard the many stories told by young and old with joy"
is it in the legacy of all the french rulers who worked to beautify their beloved city ? 
"tie up the loose ends of your assignments .  don ' t wait to be reminded ,  particularly by a supervisor . "
"to avoid living on the street ,  you have to sign a contract on a new place before leaving your current one .  when doing this ,  youâ re forced to put down a new deposit ,  too .  yet landlords ,  set on siphoning off some of your hard - earned cash when you move out ,  wonâ t return your current deposit until youâ ve moved out ,  even if youâ ve paid your rent to the end of the contract . "
the idea is that it is the last chance for a man to have fun before he gets married . 
"and there ' s only two countries ,  the u . s .  and the former soviet union , "
you are gonna laugh when i explain . 
"attorney general michael mukasey ,  who succeeded gonzales ,  issued a statement saying he is disturbed by the findings of the inspector general .  that statement did not go far enough for senator arlen specter of pennsylvania ,  the top republican on the judiciary committee . "
the crisis in ukraine has revived memories of the cold war and sparked fears of a new one . 
the handle pulls so easily that a child could open the door . 
"filing  -  he recommends a simple alphabetical system ,  easy to use so that you actually file right away . "
at dawn they struck out for the early arrival at hannover . 
"because all this advice came from people who i love dearly ,  i decided to move on with my life not sharing with the world my entire truth . "
when somebody dies you can see the light leave them
"if you’ve heard her voice–and you likely have ,  considering that hit singles such as rolling in the deep and someone like you are played everywhere–it’s not hard to understand people’s obsession . "
"the purpose of this article is to study the cosmetic surgical technique and mechanism in using a donestic computer scanned carbon dioxide laser .  since nov .  1996 ,  based on broad clinical practice and basic study ,  22 cases of facial wrinkle and acne scarring were treated ,  good results were obtained . "
but cancer didn ' t seem to go to skeletal muscle  -  - 
"indeed ,  the year ahead could be challenging for india .  economists say the government faces a daunting task in trying to maintain a high economic growth rate and keep inflation in check ,  which is hurting millions of poor people in the country . "
"speculative theology is not the same as philosophy of religion ,  or is it identical with theology in the sense of dogmatics . "
"spf30 and pa +  +  +  ,  powerful sunscreen effect ,  effectively isolate uva and uvb ,  protect skin from dark and sunburn ,  penetrate into cuticle ,  resist early ageing . "
"prominent chinese director jia zhangke ' s ' a touch of sin ,  '  which won best screenplay at last year ' s cannes film festival and has been critically celebrated ,  wasn ' t eligible for consideration for the awards because mr .  jia ' s company couldn ' t provide the guild a legal copy of the film on dvd or online .  this film didn ' t make it to china ' s big screens because it hasn ' t been approved by censors . "
you ' ll know exactly where to look when you need them . 
"the officer says ,  “you may not want your car back after it’s been stripped . ” so ,  if they take all the parts off of the car ,  you probably don’t even want the car back . "
"well then ,  understand once for all that i never shall or can be comfortable  -  or anything but miserable  -  there ,  biddy ! "
you may think we can explain the great divergence
you should get some ltalians on your team . 
"“my father is going to have a fit ,  ” i thought . "
"we want the bank ' s money ,  not yours . "
and he didn ' t blink an eye in paying for that trip . 
palestinian militants have freed three kidnapped britons in the gaza strip .  the abduction underscores the breakdown of law and order since israel pulled out of the territory three months ago . 
what would you do with a diseased little island ? 
"dad ,  why did god let this happen to me ? "
"sarah caraway ' s husband doesn ' t own caraway security ,  does he ? "
truly wonderful the mind of a child is . 
"while our failure to adjust to the american dream may sound clichéd ,  our desire to move eastwards was far from the banal interest in discovering our roots . "
but just recently they’ve captured a massive one on camera for the first time . 
i don ' t know what sanpo will do . 
"president of his student status ,  we are familiar with his man of few words and not left me more impressed ,  i even doubted his ability ,  but slowly ,  i found his light . "
vatican police has formally charged pope benedict’s butler in a case concerning the theft of secret documents . 
"and it warms up ,  and it ' s none the worse for wear . "
with systems like that .  so that ' s sort of another interesting aspect of the future . 
are you just gonna leave us here ? 
because we thought that what it took to make people happy
i just saw her on the grand canal . 
"like ,  from now on ,  ronnie partiz will be the patron saint to all bald men . "
"‘there have been no attacks on humans in the uk to date ,  and this year not even a dog has been reported injured by boar ,  ’ he said . "
methods :  the chromatometry and ph value were detected in varied ratio liquid of two drugs . 
we all have to live the leahlsamlemily pain - fest . 
"but we want people to know we stand for freedom ,  so we do not accept being mislabeled as open source supporters . "
"it emphasised the problem of scrubbing toxic assets off banks ’ balance -  sheets ,  but gave little guidance on how banks should be forced to mark down their assets to saleable prices . "
"in spite of its aggregative character ,  the ceramics on the whole share certain individual traits typical of this period . "
to the future survival of the human species .   truly . 
"and they said that i could just type in  "" what was i going to say next ?  "" "
"they cheat consumers one way or another .  so ,  admitting that advertisements can help us ,  we should also beware of them from time to time . "
"a study of the kunlun mountain earthquake of m s = 8 . 1 based on observed coseismic strain steps from the borehole strain monitoring network over china has been carried out with some interesting results .  firstly ,  many recordings disagree with theoretic calculation using static dislocation model . "
from watching the ways that social scientists have learned about human errors . 
maybe you ' re just not asking her the right questions . 
"but after legal action ,  the united states district court for the northern district of california cancelled the agency’s approval last year . "
once they start burning  .  .  .  it goes through it like a windstorm
" "" there are many more women now who are in - house counsel at big companies ,  or who are in other roles where they ' re choosing professional services firms for their companies ,  ""  briscoe notes ,  and that often works in female rainmakers '  favor . "
there is a perverse comfort many get from displays of blatant racial injustice . 
"while choosing talent , three points should be paid attention to :  not demanding perfection ; "
it ' s going to be a perfect day . 
fancy going to an un  -  conference ?  in poland they have an antidote to the revenue  -  obsessed corporate university . 
"fill in colors on a sketch is lively systematic ambry of lang ming ,  initiate for room of two  - men type child more the dream with colorful profusion is regnal . "
i had come to make pamela andersons my wife . 
"work on the airport is expected to be concluded at the end of august 2011 according to fernando soares ,  who is heading a team of consultants from a brazilian company involved in the work . "
"dangerous non - state actors ,  rogue nations such as north korea ,  cyber warfare ,  demographic changes ,  economic disparity ,  poverty ,  and hunger . ”"
"we wish to advise you that we have shipped you today by s . s .  “tokyo maru” ,  50 cases of carbon paper . "
"asahara himself ,  at least ,  is unlikely to pose any further danger . "
we must abate the noise pollution in our city . 
"instead of introductions ,  i want you all to dive . "
my objective two years ago in coming into this job was to take down the silos . 
"methods wal lerian degeneration model was established by transecting the rat sciatic nerve .  samples from the distal stump were obtained 0 ,  0 . 5 ,  1 ,  1 . 5 ,  2 ,  3 ,  4 ,  5 ,  7 ,  10 ,  and 15 days respectively after the transaction ,  and ultrathin sections were pre pared for examination with electron microscope . "
"a stroke of lightning shattered their mast ,  which in its fall killed the pilot . "
"before beginning his difficult journey ,  the young man visited his parents to receive their benediction . "
"it ' s just people killing people .  ""  he ' s insane ! "
"picked up his car keys ,  got into a car"
why don ' t we reconvene this afternoon when heads and schedules are a bit clearer ? 
the imf forecasts the uk general government deficit at 9 . 8 per cent of gdp in 2009 and 10 . 9 per cent next year . 
this leafy promenade between the forbidden city and the central business district opened in 2002 on the site of demolished hutong  ( alleyway )  neighbourhoods . 
"from voa learning english ,  this is in the news in special english . "
"they say ,  well ,  we have a thing in a box ,  and we have its inputs and its outputs . "
why don ' t you pick up the call ? 
"west ham manager alan curbishley said ' it ' s a devastating blow for everyone ,  especially julien . "
let ' s see chris ' s program throughout the rest of the show .  okay ? 
she was disappointed that he should have failed her in that way . 
during sunrise he would take a break and climb up on the fence . 
"every year ,  u . s .  marines hold an annual christmas toy drive ,  where they collect toys and donations for underprivileged children .  volunteers take the children into a makeshift  "" store ""  where they are allowed to pick a few items for themselves .  the  "" toys for tots ""  program is national campaign that has helped millions of children .  across the united states ,  people use lights and decorations to mark the christmas holidays .  in one neighborhood in texas ,  residents have outfitted their homes with thousands of lights .  some homes have specific themes ,  like politics or current events . "
he dreams one day when africa will be giving aid . 
"no matter how this ends ,  it ends today . "
"beauty brands are rethinking the design of applicators that come with their products ,  whether it ' s the shape of the tip of an eyeliner wand or the number of bristles on a nail - polish brush .  they want to appeal to women who increasingly feel pressured to be camera - ready when they are working at the office or socializing at a bar . "
thermostatic valve includes the induction magnification performance feedback and invariable value . 
right now mr .  faroush is our only lead . 
he no sooner recovers his equilibrium than the next porpoise comes along and hits him another crack . 
"if you still think that telling a joke or relating a humorous story is somehow important to making a point ,  run it past your spouse or a trusted friend first . "
"dr .  teplitz says ,   "" most people have such great inhibitions against murder or violence that they would awaken if someone didn ' t wake them up .  "" "
what religious people mean by “god ” means nothing to me beyond an incoherent cluster of concepts from which the aforesaid folk choose the subset most convenient to themselves . 
"a bigger reason behind the popularity of time travel stories ,  however ,  is the relaxation they offer ,  according to the survey . "
"one important way that people express this support ,  researchers say ,  is through  "" non - sexual ,  caring physical touch ,  such as hand - holding ""  . "
"among the banks ,  citigroup has held more than 150 alumni gatherings since its programme started in 2011 ,  including golf tournaments and wine tastings .  goldman sachs has long touted its alumni ' s public service as a branding tool—its five most recent ex - bosses include two treasury secretaries and a senator . "
"moreover ,  the unemployment rate ignores the hundreds of thousands of young people who have taken shelter from the weak job market by going to college ,  enrolling in training programs or otherwise sitting on the sidelines . "
"and my friend ,  shark biologist wes pratt is inside the cage . "
"the systems come with unique filtration technology that is efficient in removing tobacco smoke ,  dust ,  pollen ,  and mold spores ,  animal dander and general indoor air pollutants ,  and for killing bacteria . "
i now work in qidong people ' s hospital as a nurse . 
3 glasses of lemon tea kill my stomach . 
"whatever it is ,  300 people in the room doing it  -  -  yeah ,  great . "
"is still looking for abetter working environment ,  a stronger team ,  better development space . "
"if it isn ' t my old friend hart ,  schaffner ,  and karl marx . "
why don ' t you give me your contact number ? 
"say ,  how about i check this cigarette case .  .  .  with the department list of all jewelry stolen in the last year or so ? "
"realizing he had made a big mistake by staying ,  he headed to a near by barn for shelter . "
i could wear a tuxedo .  .  .  sell margaritas to the tourists . 
"foshan sonata telecommunication co .  ,  ltd .   ( foshan walkin electronics co .  ,  ltd .  )  ,  a joint - venture manufacturer and exporter with more than years experience in the cabling industry ,  has dedicated itself to continuous researching and developing in the cabling industry since its establishment . "
"mr soros ,  who reportedly made a cool  $ 1 billion by shorting the yen in 2013 ,  may soon be called in to offer further lessons . "
"none of that helped stave off the effects of a real - estate bust that saddled the banks with bad debts ,  constricted credit and made ordinary people wary of spending . "
there ' s no one else i ' d rather -  -  ian . 
"but .  .  . if you don ' t love me ,  just throw it away"
"the lanterns that mark out chinese shops are easy to spot — but the number of chinese people visible on the street ,  or even at the till ,  is small . "
"the blood supply of normal upper lip was mainly came from superior labial artery .  the inferior alar arteries , post septal arteries and branches of anterior ethmoidal artery were also found to supply the upper lip . "
"what is persistence ?  it is ,  day after day ,  to tell yourself to hold on one more day . "
"this comes despite evidence that many self - published e - book authors make very little money .  a 1 ,  007 - person survey earlier this year found  "" diy authors ""  make  $ 10 ,  000 a year on average ,  and half of them make less than  $ 500 a year ,  according to a report in the guardian . "
"the harbin embraer aircraft industry company is located in the city of harbin ,  capital of heilongjiang province in northeast china . "
i ' m not gonna tell her to come . 
did you report the loss of your car to the police ? 
"have no idea of what it is ,  who he is ,  how to love or how long it will be .  just wait for one love . "
and i can race through these and save a lot of time because
"to see to what degree you express these chemicals , "
"the pine ,  placed nearly always among scenes disordered and desolate ,  bring into them all possible elements of order and precision . "
every step in italy was a wrangleand a fight . 
so i have a lot of revenge to take on the subject . 
"in view of the feeble health of the member ,  the delegation cut him out . "
"these circumstanceses make seem to be more for the very limited proof resources originally short of ,  affect the pertaining to crime litigation purpose realizes ,  disadvantage in increases to judge the efficiency with handle a case the quantity . "
isn ' t that incredible that we can ' t read each other ' s minds ? 
"however ,  a similar study using bilberry anthocyanins did not reveal the same results . "
"sir ,  we have a launch order . "
staring up at me as i performed this ritual . 
like you took my ticket to that world series ? 
"perhaps less than a kiloton ,  which sounds like a lot but is actually small go . "
"if messi needs any more inspiration in 2012 other than trying to secure his spot as the greatest of all time ,  here are just a few things to inspire him : "
year two :  learned a few things  -  -  had to change my tactic . 
"you take a handful of the shavings ,  point your thumb at your mouth and squeeze . "
so when you ' re at a networking event  -  -  formal or informal  -  -  do you stick to small talk and shy away from being an assertive networker ? 
"in the devil wears prada ,  the prada dress only appears once on meryl streep ,  but it turns out to be the most striking ad in the whole movie . "
"about four years ago ,  the new yorker published an article"
and gave him the strength to later take his revenge . 
"naifeh and smith ,  who won a pulitzer prize for their biography of u . s .  artist jackson pollock ,  spent ten years researching their book ,  which will be released in britain tomorrow . "
he waited until everyone had had a say and he had had the opportunity of thinking things over before he
do you prefer working on your own or as part of a team ? 
"i mean ,  yes ,  yes ,  of course ,  sire , "
" "" we shot all the scenes in the lab to save money ,  ""  said zhang . "
my apprentices sometimes go to these bars and clubs . 
"every day ,  xu and his buddies head to the teaching building to piece together their happy college memories ,  with each student playing himself . "
"this sea ,  part of the southern ocean ,  borders the west side of the antarctic peninsula ,  near south america ,  and is home to elephant seals and adélie penguins . "
jo and i had a lot of time to prepare for this moment . 
"seated at the table ,  i carry bowl pull at drinking cakes chi son porridge ,  mom ' s sweet especially delicious . "
"despite such negative remarks ,  hult has decided to have only one child herself . "
"come on ,  you owe me a dance . "
failure analysis and its solution of travel hydraulic system for 80t crawler crane
"well ,  scott ,  the boys seem to be using a science fiction theme tonight . "
"you know ,  it ' s a chapter of my life that i ' m not particularly proud of . "
and that ' s how i got out of high school . 
"well ,  maybe you ' d be interested in some home - woven handicrafts . "
"well ,  pilot reports that the aircraft has begun its descent . "
i think they were trying to spread lslam . 
there were several pages that adhered to each other . 
so let me go forward to the new science of happiness . 
"for me ,  the real test of being a carer is when a donor completes earlier than expected . "
it is the symbol of the founding and maturity of modern history fiction and the monumental work of modern history fiction . 
in my book i talked about the fact that 72 percent
"it labels  "" developing countries ,  ""   -  -  i can read from the list here  -  - "
you and i in this world are not meant to be . 
"i could never stay mad at you ,  jenny . "
"that would be one way of doing it ,  but there ' s a quicker way . "
"as a large and responsible country ,  china has worked together with the united states and other countries to address the international financial crisis . "
you build a brand according to what is and what should be . 
"the sort of flea market nature ,  if you will ,  of the virtual world today . "
"for this ,  some know of the privates appeal to observe a festival and pay attention to a cultural content ,  don ' t rush through jollification blindly . "
"the man poured a full glass of whisky ,  and set down the bottle noiselessly . "
"senator biden says it is time for pakistani leaders to focus on the future ,  restore constitutional order ,  insure a free media and an independent judiciary . "
and their argument is that jesus never talked about homosexuality . 
the coupling dynamics between the sway and the vertical vibration of the vibratory crone crusher is the key to determine its performance and stability . 
students from other states as well as international students paid an average of more than eighteen thousand dollars . 
"the government has categorized more than 320 , 000 foreigners as alien absconders . "
"but when you get down to the bottom of the ocean , "
this would be an example of how to do that . 
does my house look like a dojo ?  ! 
"in addition to the touristy things ,  whatthe chinese like most about coming to america is seeing the everyday stuff , said hentschel . "
the parties involved should exercise  ( self  -  )  restraint and prevent the situation from getting worse . 
the bulk of the railroad workers voted to go back to work . 
"principle that interface design ,  to train everyone is it operate expert of computer to become ,  but entrust to the human nature that computer software may already be much . "
"the second part ,  based on different forms ,  understand what means to concoct purpose . "
you must avoid eye contact with aggressive drivers at all times . 
you ' ve asked every master in town to be your teacher . 
with a sleep journal you ' ll be able to do two things : 
"mind you ,  it ' s a sort of gratuitous field - stripping exercise , "
"with wowcharts and all kinds of ,  you know ,  god knows ,  whatever . "
it ' s 100 by 250  -  -  into a kind of an estate by separating these areas
the new prison system is designed to reform criminals rather than just punish them . 
it seems the story was a french hoax . 
you said you didn ' t have any pets in this class . 
he ruminated on his defenses before he should accost her father . 
"through studying palaeo - rock - solution development characteristics and reservoir prediction technique in the salt areal coverage of tahe oil field ,  combining drilling ,  well logging ,  testing and the production of reservoir seismic prediction ,  the thesis synthetically appraised carbonate rock beneath salt and chose the developmental zone of favorable reservoir in priority . "
i have the right to ask for an explanation . 
"from the un in new york ,  here ' s barbara plett . "
"some of you ,  i know ,  didn ' t pick up your bags  -  - "
"• if a woman has her legs together and body facing away ,  buddy ,  you are going home alone tonight . "
my name is -  my name is pat haggerty . 
"the extinction of the woolly mammoth and other large ice age animals can ' t be blamed on a ' human blitzkrieg  '  ,  say researchers . "
we ain ' t got a lot of time . 
"i will tell you ,  sooner or later ,  all the complicated process . "
juba also says it will waive its claims to nearly  $ 5bn it believes it is owed by khartoum . 
drug - induced pulmonary eosinophilia was suspected and valproic acid was discontinued . 
so we really wanted to take a deeper look at it
"wally ,  can we please just forget that ? "
i see you also own honeyburton and honron ! 
of a scientific revolution  -  -  that of genome medicine . 
"the russian participants ,  the tolmachevy sisters were jeered on tuesday when they made it to the final . "
"the result showed :   ( 1 ) children ' s real emotion and apparent emotion showed an increasingly positive trend from grade1 to grade 5 ,  and in a disappointing situation ,  both in real emotion and apparent emotion ,  girls and boys didn ' t show significant difference ; "
investors have pulled about  $ 70 billion from russia ' s economy since the crisis began . 
"although i frequently stumble over truth ,  i always pick myself up as if nothing happened . "
"but deep in my heart ,  i more than once imagined ｜ how i should meet my mr .  right ,  and how we should display our love in public . "
"to daub this antiphlogistin on naked skin of rabbits with high dosage and 3 times a day ,  10g each time for 7d continuously ,  the stimulation reaction of the antiphlogistin to healthy skin and damaged skin were observed . "
"you know ,  in this entire institution at the moment .  .  .  we ' ve no more than11 male patients . "
i didn ' t speak or see too much of my mother after the funeral . 
so this is one of the most famous game dynamics . 
"but this does not necessarily mean it will ensure high available in every case ,  especially in blade environments . "
"torso of a woman ' s body in it ,  a half a torso , "
if there ' s ever anything i can do for you .  .  . 
mr .  bohndorf sometimes aired his criticisms in public forums such as shareholder meetings . 
"in 2004 ,  trade between china and brazil totaled us $ 9 . 15 billion ,  an increase of 37 percent over 2003 . "
she looked very tired and her face had no color in it . 
"strange ,  you know ,  sometimes you seem sort of bummed out about your career ,  but you ' re so successful . "
"now ,  i can adjust his reaction times ,  but even when i go superhuman .  .  .  and i ' m talking ,  like ,  maverick and iceman reaction times .  .  . "
your screen orientation cannot be changed because the screen resolution is set too low . 
you guys got itright out of the box ! 
" "" i am a mathematician and i would like to stand on your roof .  "" "
in this game you need to assemble your rocket and blast off while blasting away rocks and …
"it ' s just that the s used to be written differently ,  kind of like an f . "
"the winter ,  her every night before bed to give me aotang drink . "
"you know ,  if it works for you . "
i wish i could set you free . 
"when i got out of the jacuzzi ,  i was limp as a noodle . "
"but now ,  even the notoemne and the dene .  .  .  know of its loving ways . "
objective to determine the display information and its priority for tactical navigation of advanced fighter . 
" "" but the so - called national caveats are making a mockery ,  in my view ,  of nato and the notion of a unified mission ,  ""  said senator biden .   "" one ally can fight here but not another place .  another ally can do this but not that .  in my view ,  you ' re either in this fight or you ' re not .  "" "
"from the definition of the concept of the political civilization ,  the paper demonstrates the modern political civilization with the chinese features ,  which insists on the socialist inner stipulations and conforms to the development requirements of the modern political civilization . "
fight demand forecasting is the core technique for airline revenue management . 
anyone who doesn ' t believe in me is miserable . 
"well ,  a thank you will do just fine . "
the school offers its mba students electives in clean technology and energy finance that incorporate renewables . 
"st .  paul ,  for example , whom i know you compare yourself to . "
"yes ,  yes .  ortufon .  apprentice .  red wizard too .  dangerous ,  though .  frolg no trust him . "
tell your old man to drag walton and lanier up and down the court for 48 minutes . 
we are still gauging the impact of automation on the lives of factory workers . 
"this is indeed very difficult .  it is so very easy to think only of the negative and stay down in the wicked rut .  there really is power in positive thinking .  instead of the woulda - coulda - shoulda ,  think of the can do and will do .  positive thinking puts power in your mind to act instead of staying stuck mulling over the circumstance or the mistake made . "
a coal fell from the fire and burned the carpet . 
"assuming you live a long life ,  there ' s a 50 percent chance"
"wang tianbing ,  who is from harbin in heilongjiang province ,  said he enjoys watching films and cartoons and does not like girls older than he is . "
"oughta be a picture of you in the dictionary under  "" persistent ,  ""  kid . "
so i have this distinction between what we ' re making people do
the children started to act up as soon as the teacher left the room .  . 
one of those guys picked the lion king . 
some states use income tax in addition to sales tax to raise their revenues . 
lynn made it to the top in a perfect pairing
"in other words ,  it uses fewer materials to create more housing space . "
"he would also know where the sun would rise , "
"a :  i like to get what i consider the central idea ,  which in the stock market is patience and value and mean reversion .  and in society ,  it is resources and climate damage .  that ' s plenty to go on ,  and that ' s a pretty strong focus .  we have a shockingly short horizon in the stock market ,  as witnessed in the internet bubble .  and we have a shockingly short horizon about social problems ,  where all we want to hear is how rapid the growth will be and how good everything is . "
cardia study scientists weighed and measured the waist circumference and bmi of study participants .  the waist circumference was measured to the nearest half centimeter . 
"so what , ion ' t issue invitations to your mother . "
and i finally got what ' s been going on .  this is kernigan and ritchie
"i wish i ' d had the courage to live a life true to myself ,  not the life others expected of me . "
you ought to get the civic leader of the year award
"hussein was still on the run ,  and wouldn ' t be captured for another seven months . "
we ' re never gonna catch them in this . 
i don ' t have a place to stay . 
"in fact ,  people will act to punish cheaters ,  even at a cost to themselves . "
"the banking department of china eximbank had been renamed to beijing branche on august 25 ,  2008 . "
"the term  "" giant cell ""  is applied to polykaryons found in association with a variety of inflammations . "
"now this unity ,  which constitutes the world ,  is formed of four elements :  fire ,  water ,  earth ,  and air :   -  - one single world ,  one single soul ,  and one single god . "
"although he was very nervous ,  he put on a brave front . "
"but when the first cut if it gathered ,  nobody had any ,  all hard ones . "
the name of the gentleman was caspar goodwood ;  he was a straight young man from boston . 
"nobody sits them down ,  eye - to - eye ,  one - on - one ,  and says ,   "" cut the shit .  "" "
"tmz reports that this joyful lesbian liaison has been going on for a good six weeks .  in fact ,  in january ,  the two were courtside at a knicks game making out . "
being a warrior is behind you now ! 
"i ' m sorry ,  but i saw your id ,  and you ' re twenty - four . "
"sao paulo ,  brazil ,  24 nov–brazilian mining company vale do rio doce ,  which ahs china as its largest overseas customer ,  aims to increase its overall exports iron ore by 10 %  in 2006 ,  the company ' s directors said thursday . "
the universe ' s intent is to cause you to get your imagination  &  creativity into motion  &  to act upon your ideas . 
and revises in the customer agreement and the prompt sale related concept . 
"if someone says the word factory ,  most people think of a vague place .  i think in detail of every factory i ever saw ,  like the john deere plant in moline . "
but will such proposals make the system less crisis - prone ? 
"bryant walker smith ,  a fellow at stanford university ' s center for automotive research ,  said it can take up to six years to design and build a new car .  smith said any self - driving car ready in six years would likely be  ' limited in terms of capability ,  availability ,  or geography .  ' "
"if we ' d evolved in a vacuum ,  we would expect them"
the development history of trivalent chromium passivation for zinc plating was overviewed . 
a cause of action has accrued when the right to sue has become vested . 
i don ' t think he need be . 
bricks show no loss of useful mechanical properties even when 20 - 30 %  of their content is slag . 
"the world bank recently said in maputo it had pardoned 1 . 015 billion euros in debt owed to it by mozambique ,  under the terms of the multilateral debt reduction initiative ( mdri )  . "
"mr bartlett held influential economic positions during the country ' s last great spasm of reform in the 1980s ,  but he is now held an apostate by many republicans ,  for whom the only acceptable tax changes are cuts . "
the meeting on the hunting season is held annually and is attended by representatives of the tourism ministry and tourist operators to discuss the main issues of concern to the sector . 
they will take the dispute over my television set to a reputable local arbitration firm . 
"henry played a joke on john ,  and next day john got back at him . "
"you can eat like eight of them without gaining any weight ,  because of all the diarrhea . "
"just topacifytheir kids not to be afraid with injection orvaccination ,  they would tell them that it is much painful for them than during the early days . "
and i see that a few of them did make it here to the conference . 
"in computer programming ,  to copy from locations in main storage into locations in the same main storage . "
my main competitor is an old man in poor health
"at the end ,  a compendious sum  -  up and an expectation were brought out . "
"the thought of traveling to tokyo will most likely make some people nervous .  though the city is about 180 miles from the fukushima daiichi power plant ,  the site of the worst nuclear disaster since chernobyl — and the state department recommends travelers avoid only the area directly around the disaster site — tokyo has suffered as well ,  a problem of perception as much as reality . "
"caterpillars don’t make this noise anywhere but in the nest ,  and scientists say this behavior suggests that the rivals are sizing each other up . "
"roulette ,  “roulette , ” is a game where a small ball is dropped or put into a moving round plate ,  and there are numbers on this plate  -  it ' s almost like a bowl  -  and the ball drops into the bowl and it bounces around ,  and then it stops at a number . "
i wanna sit him down and ask him some questions . 
"to raise the in vitro fe rtilization ( ivf ) rate of mice , the authors observed th e morphology and ivf ra te of oocytes which collected from icr mice and c57bl / 6j mice superovulate d 12～18h .  after given hcg . "
"in all likelihood ,  we shall be away for a week . "
it ' s a picture of a little girl dying of thirst . 
tensions had increased sunday after an unarmed georgian surveillance drone was shot down while patrolling abkhazia and the georgian government released footage showing a mig - 29 launching an air - to - air missile at its unmanned craft . 
"the wood was disappearing under mud ,  and the iron beneath rust .  under the axle  - tree hung ,  like drapery ,  a huge chain ,  worthy of some goliath of a convict . "
"what the fuck are you gonna do ,  franny ?  . "
everything becomes a blur when you travel beyond a certain speed . 
"riesling is dry ,  and delicately fruity ,  with an elegant bouquet of mineral or floral notes . "
"maputo ,  mozambique ,  12 oct–the government of italy has approved a donation of 5 . 2 million euros over three years to support the decentralization and economic development process of mozambique ' s sofala province ,  mozambican daily newspaper ,  not ícias reported thursday . "
but the bund is entrenched with powerful factions . 
"“it ' s not only a way to gain knowledge to improve yourself ,  but also a way to slow down your pace of life , ” explained zhou yunqing ,  a wuhan university sociologist .  “you have a wider platform from which to learn ,  with more freedom to decide when and what to learn . ”"
to the extent that her husband couldn ' t recognize her  -  - 
"as mr haldane notes ,  we have seen “a progressive rise in banking risk and an accompanying widening and deepening of the state safety net” . "
"hamish ,  do you ever tire of quadrille ? "
"i said ,   "" i閳ユ獫e given up riding and driving in cars .  "" "
the fore end tube plate of the condenser has cracked beyond repair . 
"it ' s fun when a man beats his wife to death ,  when a mother drowns her baby . "
"laura vanderkam ,  author of what the most successful people do before breakfast  ( portfolio ,  2012 )  and what the most successful people do on the weekend  ( portfolio ,  2012 )  ,  says successful people know that weekends are actually the secret weapon in professional success .   "" you need to hit monday ready to go ,  ""  she says .   "" to do that ,  you need weekends that rejuvenate you ,  rather than exhaust or disappoint you .  cross - training makes you a better athlete ,  and likewise ,  exercise ,  volunteer work ,  spiritual activities ,  and hands - on parenting make you a better worker than if you just worked all the time .  "" "
"but what they can ' t deal with is anthropogenic stresses , "
george bush is the president elect of the united states . 
"kathleen vohs ,  the professor of excellence in marketing at the carlson school ,  wondered about the power of rituals after noticing the funny routines that people often perform before eating and drinking . "
"this has been elsie kentworthy and former miss genovia ,  hildegaard huffman ,  at the best independence day parade genovia ' s seen in years . "
"i can actually hear it now ,  because i see my time is ticking off . "
"come on ,  give me the damn bar of soap ! "
because it ' ll be shaped by cultures and experiences and histories
i ` m really going to enjoy this now . 
"see what i would do is ,  i would write a letter . "
"for the model nanocomposite magnetsof fm = 40 %  and the grain size a = 25 nm ,  the optimum value of  ( bh ) max = 375 kj / m3 is attained .  it is remarkably enhanced in comparison with the maximum of  ( bh .  )  max = 264 kj / m3 of the pure nd - fe - b magnet . "
the silence was so deep that one could have heard a pin drop . 
"the attack ,  according to turkish media reports ,  lasted several hours and involved scores of pkk rebels using heavy weapons .  it is the most serious attack by the pkk since last year .  more than 20 members of the pkk were also killed in the fighting . "
how many times you told me you couldn ' t do anything until a crime was committed ? 
"in a letter to freshmen this year ,  chen jining ,  the president of tsinghua university ,  encouraged them to “start this new adventure by standing on your own two feet . ”"
the one who was defiling me then left me and went to rape evelyn . 
he called him the minute he saw you taking a picture of the dump . 
" "" we owe a lot to the birds and beasts that eat insects but all of them put together kill only a fraction of the number destroyed by spiders .  moreover ,  unlike some of the other insect eaters ,  spiders never do the least harm to us or our belongings .  "" "
"that is ,  until fossil excavations determined that the cousin of the black  - and -  white panda once lived in the ancient forests of tennessee . "
"many marketers instinctively begin with questions about what and where ,  as in  "" what ""  their advertising should say or  "" where ""  it should appear . "
"we know the temples they built ,  where people could come"
"hundreds of protesters took to the streets of guangzhou ,  the provincial capital ,  on tuesday to support residents of maoming city where authorities intend to build a plant to manufacture the toxic chemical paraxylene  ( px )  . "
"these scope points allow for configuration of the mediation flow based conditionally on which service ,  endpoint ,  or operation is invoked . "
what i should do is come home and say : 
"i wander and hesitate ,  ho ,  roam and rove in a slow pace . "
it ' s just a little server control and i made a little video going : 
"for the final portfolio ,  due on the day of last session ,  include the draft and revised versions of each piece  ( together with my comments )  . "
and the same for 300 and 400 and so on . 
"due to the frontal barocline , its temperature field structure evolved from symmetric warm center to asymmetric half cold and half warm extratropical cyclone .  and the winds field also has such asymmetric structure . "
what did you want to buy with it ? 
in the absence of friction belted machinery would not be used . 
"he slipped his arm about her waist ,  and she could not find the heart to draw away . "
and then we need to be able to kind of spool this imaginary record forward
"the project includes re - laying the road ' s surface ,  widening the embankments ,  drainage works and protection against erosion ,  road signage ,  building of new aqueducts and small bridges and represents an investment of us $ 47 million . "
"well it turns out that yes ,  the different tasks are interdependent . "
i hit the table with the flat of my hand . 
"however ,  blood sugar check  -  up by finger stick causes pain and thus makes many patients withdraw . "
it ' s very nice of you to come to the airport to meet me . 
"like ,  i almost came out of it ,  in front of ,  like ,  5 , 000 people . "
chinese president xi jinping has met with a delegation from the gulf cooperation council on the sidelines of the third round of china - gcc strategic discussions . 
"alexandre da mata ,  the chamber ' s tourism director ,  said , “we could make it possible for the office to work together with our unit in shanghai . ”"
i don ' t give a shit about ben . 
"as an important departmental law , civil law makes the conception , recounts the judgment and elaborates the illation from the side of civil cases . "
so they agonize during the decision making process and then worry even after they’ve made a decision . 
don ' t you know what mongols are like ? 
"i am so not listening to you ,  fool . "
"as i write this ,  matthew is sitting in his bouncy seat looking at me with a smirk on his face . "
"to make it free for people who do this whole idea of re - sampling , "
"so far ,  about 2 , 000 reservists have been activated ,  according to the government . "
"they may have a lot of opinions about it , "
"he said ,   "" as a kid .  ""  he said ,   "" actually ,  it was a problem for me at school , "
"then he said to moses ,   "" come up to the lord ,  you and aaron ,  nadab and abibu ,  and seventy of the elders of israel . "
i am looking through the window outside at the weeds bending constantly in the wind .  they also feel sad for me . 
"the leader of one of the main kurdish groups ,  jalal talabani ,  concurred ,  saying in a  [ al - arabiya ]  television interview that the negotiators have agreed on most of the leadership points . "
"the tag defines the start of an acronym ,  like  "" nato ""  . "
comprehensive european research has found that teens are leaving the service in droves - and the biggest deterrent is their parents . 
he was all at sea when he began his new work . 
"the object was too light to be a brick ,  but it was the same density as a piece of foam from a solid rocket booster . "
"in the movie the social network ,  zuckerburg created a website which became facebook to meet girls .  but in reality ,  zuckerburg did it for a bigger mission . "
"by traveling to italy ,  switzerland and denmark during the holidays ,  pang said he gained a deeper understanding of european culture . "
"of how we populated the world ,  the great paleolithic wanderings of our species . "
"one problem with the salt debates ,  dr . alderman said ,  is that all the studies are inadequate . "
"retained ownership installment contract has validity to both the purchaser and the seller ,  including the transfer of buyer ' s enjoyment and expectant right ,  custodial obligation of subject matter ,  retained ownership ,  recall and exercise rights of buyer and both parties ' disposition of subject matter ,  etc . "
there are some really scary beasts out that way . 
the joint venture located in wuxi national high  -  tech industry development zone of jiangsu province . 
"you ' re not very good with people ,  are you ,  sir ? "
figure  ( attached )  is a simplified diagram that shows how the three types of entities in the economy interact with each other in an intricate set of relationships . 
"cause every single time i come on this show ,  it ' s really weird , really weird ,  all because of ellen ♫"
"how the  ' 60s counterculture shaped the personal computer industry .  "" "
"if you are deploying services to be part of an automated process management system ,  the services themselves should not know  ( or care )  what they are being used for . "
do you want to speak to my daddy ? 
"also ,  he said timmons was a setup . "
out of slavery and then take them through a two year process
"and yet the rage that one felt was an abstract ,  undirected emotion which could be switched from one object to another like the flame of a blowlamp . "
"the modification was to reducing viscosity ,  increasing flexibility ,  and improving heat resistant and flame retardance abilities . "
"so ,  how are you gonna get the diamonds ? "
"if she is ,  she ' s also lara ' s child . "
yes .  i ' ve got a job in a joint venture company there . 
"russians are very hospitable .  so if you come by ,  be ready to drink black tea and eat fattening food  ( like sausages )  . "
"after the concessionary period ,  the product in accordance with the normal fees charged . "
let ' s give a big coyote welcometo leann rimes . 
"i am physically incapable of pulling all - nighters ,  i avoid conflict instead of pursuing it ,  and i have essentially zero drive to fight for the interests of multi - billion dollar corporations .  so it did not come as much of a surprise to anyone -  -  except my mom and dad ,  perhaps -  -  when after exactly one year of practice at a big law firm ,  i turned in my blackberry and walked out the door . "
it is the name that will convert or kill every last human life .  .  .  unless the universe can rebalance itself . 
but mama take care of jack a lot . 
"and ,  yes ,  there are things like grameen bank and micro - lending . "
"the internet has emerged as a more trusting source for patients ,  too ,  creating anuphillbattle for physicians . "
"lorillard acquired blu ,  now the biggest american brand ,  in 2012 . "
"so what plants have  -  -  while we have consciousness ,  tool making ,  language , "
"we gave the watchword ,  and the sentinel let us pass . "
"vidocq was a chemist ,  experimenting with paper . "
just by putting the lift under one wing or another . 
"australian passports will now have three gender options - male ,  female and x . "
"the same is true if you ' re a service provider and especially if you ' re a one - person shop .  revenues are limited by time and rate :  the number of clients you can serve and the level of fees you can charge .  in simple terms ,  capacity and price limits your earnings .  once you hit those inherent caps ,  the only way to generate more income is to expand :  add more locations ,  add employees ,  add to your investment .  .  .  add more of everything . "
i wasn ' t sure if it was safe but i decided to chance it . 
discipline theory is the academic basis of redology which is a revolutionary theory with international influences . 
those who can ' t afford to have their hair dyed in the nearby parlor would just do self - dying at home . 
he ' d rather get into a disco than say he was julio iglesias ' s son . 
we ' ve made absolutely sure that we do everything we can
"angola is currently the world ' s fifth - largest diamond producer ,  in a list headed by botswana ,  followed by russia ,  canada and south africa . "
the 80 - year old has lived alone in the iranian desert for the last six decades but amou is amorous and looking for love . 
his name is richard but we call him dick . 
and our work doesn ' t really resolve itself into a body in any way at all . 
"but fortunately for us ,  he doesn ' t know this location . "
" "" t - bird ,  we ' re gonna have to break up .  "" "
"the air force ' s public space budget  ( as opposed to the secret part )  will increase by nearly 10 %  next year ,  to  $ 8 . 7 billion ,  with much of it going on a new generation of rockets . "
it sort of makes you feel like a million bucks -  - 
jim mcgrath is president of the green charter schools network . 
feels just like i ' m flying for the first time . 
imagine that you could go back in time and tell your younger self just one lesson to help them  ( you )  make the most of your life . 
"it ' s so obvious ,  and reports were there two days ago on this .  i think there ' s no need to delay it . "
"most remarkable of all ,  no one taught you how ! "
"mcnamara voted for obama in 2008 ,  but now supports mitt romney . "
once a man sat at my board and ate my bread and drank my wine and went away laughing at me . 
"to date ,  effective combinations between conventional breeding and biotechnological approach in maize breeding is still the key problem . "
the survey also stressed that chronic neglect of the agriculture sector in the region is keeping 218 million people stuck in extreme poverty . 
"he has looked upon his servant in her lowliness ,  and people forever will call me blessed . "
"after boiling 24 hours in water ,  the strength has no change . "
"sensation usurped reason ,  and he was quivering and palpitant with emotions he had never known ,  drifting deliciously on a sea of sensibility where feeling itself was exalted and spiritualized and carried beyond the summits of life . "
"who do you think you is ,  hitting me ? "
rhythm road now sends out hip  -  hop and bluegrass bands as well . 
"sao paulo ,  brazil ,  07 july–brazilian group gerdau ,  the largest producer of long steel on the american continent ,  said thursday it planned to produce 1 million tons of special steel per year in china . "
you can activate the system by buttons or voice recognition . 
he took out his hunting knife and cut open her corpse to find out what was wrong . 
"and that is exactly what we are doing ,  as promised and on schedule . "
"for example ,  a student may be able to choose among a number of different courses in order to implement the decision to obtain a college degree . "
"the monstrous cosmic explosion took place late in december ,  observed by u . s .  and european satellites and ground telescopes around the world .  it was impossible to miss .  it was brighter than a full moon for a fraction of a second ,  although it shone more brilliantly in high energy gamma rays than in the lower energy visible light . "
weeks of exercise succeeded in trimming down her waistline . 
we treat biotechnology with the same scrutiny we apply to nuclear power plants . 
the present price fluctuation in the world market have necessitate the adjustment of price for bitter apricot kernel . 
"the recent death of my auntie kerry put me in a state of mind that i think we all go through at different times in our lives :  the feeling of utter isolation ,  of complete loneliness . "
only to discover that the water was already frozen solid . 
it ' s not that i ' m just so desperate to celebrate
"hey ,  don ' t cut thrust till about 600 meters . "
"you can ' t see it ,  but there ' s an oxygen sensor here  -  - "
i don ' t really -  -  i don ' t think i want it frozen . 
"thereinto basic building ,  information materials building ,  application effect ,  comprehensive management and human resources building lie in up mediate level . "
every ship shall provided with an engineers '  alarm which shall clearly audible in the engineers '  accommodation when operated from a position in the machinery space or machinery control room from which the engines are normally controlled . 
"as i said before ,  black and red for this one . "
removing tartar from red grape juice during its processing
"deborah wince - smith is the president of the council on competitiveness ,  she says the textile industry must continue to develop technology . "
"the answer is what i call  "" ancient food miles .  "" "
"and ,  you know ,  you understand life as it now exists through evolution . "
it ' s the ultimate distributed foot :  its whole body in this case is acting like its foot . 
tried to think of reasons not to have a baby now . 
"there ' s this ,  you know ,  man - made satellite up there in outer space"
we were frightened of the attic but also fascinated by its smells and sounds . 
how about you explain to me what the fuck is going on . 
"you ' re enormous ,  that would have no effect on you .  you ' re huge . "
"cliff burgess ,  a theorist at perimeter institute for theoretical physics in ontario ,  has his doubts . "
"linsey :  well ,  besides reading the news ,  i like the comics ,  crossword puzzle and information on movie times . "
"once owned by the carnegie family ,  cumberland island is part of the national seashore and is best known for its miles of undisturbed beaches . "
concentrically braced frames can provide high elastic stiffness and are widely used . 
"i think most of us are going to glance at it , "
"jost ,  f .  introduction to comparative literature .  trans .  liao hongjun .  changsha :  hunan art and literature press ,  1988 . "
"but he did not form a government until june ,  after legislative elections . "
and you really have to be able to withstand conditions  -  - 
"but now ,  after a little training ,  she sits outside and waits for her food . "
it is evident that the mayor is inclined to keep in touch with the grass roots . 
" "" if we ' re really wanting to know what ' s going on in a home ,  the best way .  .  .  is to be there in person ,  eyeball to eyeball ,  ""  said evelyn nelson ,  who supervises the anoka office .   "" we don ' t have the people power to do that .  "" "
"but until grayson hands over signed divorce papers , "
flea and odd are going to care for of the food . 
"to begin ,  soon after a dolphin sustains an injury such as a shark bite ,  surrounding blubber appears to extend a whitish layer over the exposed area to protect it . "
the palestinian president mahmoud abbas has described the holocaust is the most heinous crime to have occurred against humanity in modern history . 
"you will see new things ,  think about new things and make new connections . "
"engine room ,  we ' il need all the power you can muster ,  mister . "
nothing you think is real as real ! 
"but what really ,  i think ,  makes the high line special"
"have gone through a series of these hydrogen sulfide events , "
" ' it was after looking at all these cookbooks and going on the internet and looking at these dishes that i thought ,  ‘i could achieve that one day ,  '  '  mcgarry told the website . "
that haven ' t really seen the light of day  -  -  archival films . 
i was worried about protecting my family . 
for eight years the bush administration has been trying to resolve that issue  -  but with little success . 
and we should make sure that our machines aid us in that task
"oh ,  my god ,  raymond ,  it ' s been so many years . "
"so ,  instead of a reductionist view ,  we ' re taking a step back . "
"you ' re thinking this all sounds too good to be true ,  but that the chance for peace is too promising to ignore . "
we were impressed you ' d been to law school . 
"well ,  look ,  sweetheart ,  being a writer is just as tough . "
"a lot of people expected mark  "" cutback ""  davis ,  or bob  "" jungle vet ""  gerard .  .  . "
yamada have retired from our firm on his own account . 
the nine  -  pound difference is the force required to overcome the resistance of the wheels and bearings . 
"and all these great actors came  -  -  from susan sarandon , "
"and i was an archeologist ,  and then i broke things . "
" "" i quit because my monthly salary was quite low .  it was about 600 yuan at most in 2002 .  and the job always made me dirty ,  ""  he said with great disappointment . "
and when i was at national chemical laboratory  [ unclear ]  . 
i have promises to keep and miles to go before i sleep
you get the best out of others when you give the best of yourself . 
fixed - odds betting terminals are slot - machine - style devices that allow punters to bet on roulette and other numbers - based games for small stakes .  they pay out at predetermined or fixed odds . 
"it all started when alice alexander bought a pedigree siamese cat ,  which she named ming ,  in 2000 .  he had a habit of mingling and he once took a nap in a removal truck and ended up in the eastern suburbs ,  before being discovered . "
the committee further noted that the current medium - term plan did not provide adequate overall policy direction . 
he ' s what we call a disinformation agent . 
"do we want to spend a lot of money helping a little , "
so thanks for being brave and sticking by me . 
top walkers reach speeds of up to 15 kilometers per hour . 
no calls and no visit today .  it was like any other day . 
the man knows it’s better for his friend to strike out confidently and learn from the failure experience . 
if a juicy piece of gossip were spreading through the network ? 
people are determined to welcome the niu year in style and hope the year of the ox will bring prosperity through fortitude and hard work . 
analysis of corrosive causes for copper alloy in low - pressure heater
we have the luxury to design our own life . 
"they put aside concerns about the economic downturn and foreign wars and crises ,  at least for a while . "
please hand us the price -  list and designs of your lace curtains as advertised . 
we could not get enough of your cells to grow outside of your body . 
"they don ' t .  their mothers don ' t say to little baby fish , "
"and perhaps world domination isn’t too far away ,  as facebook users have posted dozens of pictures of themselves pulling sour expressions in tribute to the grumpy pet . "
"since childhood ,  the basis for education is the thoughts and sayings by mao ,  his language ,  examples of his gestures . "
those wishing to assist should wait the arrival of the first responders and follow their instructions . 
the process for designing and improving the die for forming the fusing seat clip by combining several dies into one die is introduced .  the structure and working process of the die and design of the main parts of the die are stated .  the points needing attention in design and manufacture of the die are put forward . 
the portion of the crater where curiosity will land has an alluvial fan likely formed by water  -  carried sediments . 
"and at least be comfortable .  now ,  how do you get it ? "
each yellow line is showing a link being made
"thus ,  a business process may cut across multiple business lines with various system owners being involved . "
"you know ,   "" that ' s just happening because they閳ユ獧e acting it out .  "" "
all i got to do is make a few calls . 
"well ,  we don ' t want to be greedy . "
"take it off the flame and pour water on it ,  or let it cool down ,  the piston moves down . "
because whole grain  -  -  it ' s easy with white flour
"in the absence of such a guarantee ,  he said ,  the situation could go on for months or years . "
"anglicanism works through relationships ,  a sense of belonging to a family with a shared inheritance .  that now has waned . "
you will get a 30 %  increase in production upon using this machine and also it allows one person to perform the tasks of three people . 
i got eyesin the back of my head . 
vietnam accused a chinese vessel of colliding with a vietnamese fishing boat in waters on its continental shelf . 
i ' m hoping you have a feeling that is the right thing to do
"the licenses aim to continue research activities for oil and gas reserves ,  according to the government although no actual locations for prospecting were given . "
but your e . k . g .  showsa slightly decreased heart rate . 
"second ,  grow a green economy and promote the conservation culture .  china is committed to green and low - carbon development .  it pursues energy conservation and emissions reduction on a priority basis to better achieve sustainable development ,  meet the climate challenge and promote the conservation culture .  during the 12th five - year plan period ,  china ' s environmental industry will continue to grow rapidly ,  and its total output is expected to exceed rmb2 trillion by 2015 .  from 2011 through 2015 ,  china ' s investment in the environmental sector will reach rmb3 . 1 trillion ,  doubling that of the previous five years .  china ' s green industry ,  including energy conservation and environmental protection sectors ,  is a key area for foreign investment .  the strong green demand and china ' s sound investment environment will provide a vast market and great investment opportunities to businesses in all countries ,  those in our region in particular . "
"he searched fanatically for the papers ,  knocking down the knick  -  knacks on the desk . "
"our main commodities include gum rosin ,  rosin ester ,  gum turpentine ,  sisal products ,  jute bag ,  canned vegetables ,  star aniseed ,  cassia ,  essentials oils est . "
"for example ,  “there are 50 states in the united states :  california ,  washington ,  oregon ,  idaho ,  montana ,  and so on , ” meaning i ' m not going to mention all 50 states . "
"so fear based patterns go all the way back in time to when one ' s multidimensional ancestors departed the great central sun ,  and have continued to play out in the human dream ever since . "
"chachi - chachi - chachi ,  arcola in the bound of holy matrimony . "
some 28 percent say employers set different criteria in recruitment and women have to perform much better than their male peers in interviews to get the same job . 
"but for this precaution ,  which ,  it will be remembered ,  the abbé had made to edmond ,  the misfortune would have been still greater ,  for their attempt to escape would have been detected ,  and they would undoubtedly have been separated . "
"to the ox tendon and our luck of enjoying it ,  ganbei ! "
"in a breakthrough that could prove hugely beneficial to divers navigating shark - filled waters ,  scientists found that the predator  -  like dolphins ,  seals and whales  -  is unable todistinguishbetween colours . "
"joshua granath ,  sydneyi ' malways attracted to people who interest me . "
if you look at the square that you build with the origami
"if you think you can easily beat him ,  you ' re all wet . "
this paper got clearance from the american authorities on april 20th . 
research on the wireless digital transmitting and its application to the remote monitor and control of movable power station
"asked about the charge of foreign meddling ,  state department spokesman mccormack called it a  "" canard .  "" "
"in order to overcome the flaw of single parameter measuring method and fully utilize the nugget information gained from various parameters in spot welding process ,  penman developed the aluminum alloy spot welding measuring system using virtual instrument ,  which uses labview as programming language of data acquiring module ,  and uses four - channel high - speed synchronized data acquisition card to synchronously acquire the current ,  voltage ,  electrode displace and sound signals during aluminum alloy spot welding . "
"so his vision is normal because the visual areas are normal , "
"“we increased relations with chins in 2003 when we signed the memorandum with the chinese academy for agricultural sciences and that cooperation is moving along ,  ”said magalh ães ,  who was in beijing last week ,  with a mission from the brazilian foreign relations ministry . "
and she was loving the prospect of death as much as she had loved life . 
as is your faith in the dark side of the force . 
"in all ,  167 countries have signed the treaty .  but ,  it is legally binding only for the 57 countries that have ratified it .  the treaty sets standards and guidelines for tobacco advertising ,  pricing and smuggling .  it also aims to limit non - smokers '  exposure to other people ' s smoke . "
it ' s when trained professionals or scientists or professors leave a country and search better opportunities elsewhere . 
"a bandleader named guy lombardo helped make  "" auld lang syne ""  a modern tradition .  the song has become a well known signal of the beginning of another year . "
the scheme was developed in close consultation with the local community . 
qu ' est  -  ce qui est vrai et qu ' est  -  ce qui est faux ? 
"there ' s no better day than today so if he gives you red roses ,  go ahead .  .  .  get bitten .  ” huh .  who do we know that plays a vampire ? "
"and if you ' re not ,  you have to pretend to be slightly bored with everything . "
" ?  and then ,  dumb man ,  copied it to your  ' pod  ? "
i have some proof that there was misconduct with gene . 
mother told me to lay the table for breakfast . 
so it must have been a saturday . 
objective :  to discuss the diagnosis and treatment of biliary acute pancreatic  ( bap )  . 
change it a lot or just a bit ? 
shipping :  i ship same or next business day after your payment is received . 
"well ,  here ' s a place where you are going to walk a lot , "
"my mom set me up with this guy ,  and he thought i was gay ,  and it was just .  .  . "
there are reasons that i need a copy . 
"what did you ,  like ,  take calculus in high school or something ? "
"were the mass of a ship equal to that of the same volume of water ,  it would not keep afloat . "
"the united states has welcomed the stated commitments of key gulf allies including saudi arabia and bahrain to set up embassies in baghdad .  but rice is signaling impatience with a lack of action on such promises ,  and is making clear her intention to press the matter at the kuwait conference . "
"in 1766 ,  that was in qianlong 31 ,  he was chosen to be the magistrate of zhenan prefecture . "
perhaps i could be of some help here . 
had his life saved by two long courses of electroshock therapy . 
those who find this unnecessarily prudish should remember how most children are appalled by any reminder their parents have had sex . 
"alongside this ,  malongo plans to launch an agri - tourism programme in order for producers to benefit from additional income based on the monte caf éplantation located 20 kilometres from the capital of sao tome ,  at an altitude of 1 , 115 metres ,  which is currently the largest coffee producer on the archipelago . "
love is forever out of your reach .  .  . 
li :  after finishing this you started working on the photos of you and the girls in the bath house and the group of people looking up at the coke in the sky . 
jen crowe will be back to serve . 
he said he preferred country life to city life . 
the serbia prime minister alexander vochich appealed for help from the european union and russia . 
"you shouldn ' t have come back ,  my son . "
"roberta ,  he could tell ,  was in what cindy called one of her snotty moods . "
sprinkle your used coffee grounds in the garden and around the outside of your house . 
eating those delicious burgers made me feel like a new man . 
this is going to be a tough one . 
"he didn’t have to be histrionic ,  or antagonistic — because he’s superman for god’s sake . "
"oh ,  no ,  my friends are still coming . "
"where oysters would be grown up in the gowanus , "
"mozambique is also inviting chinese firms to invest in industrial parks such as beluluane ,  15 kilometers from maputo ,  where tax benefits can be enjoyed as 80 percent of the land is classified as an industrial free - zone ,  the diplomat added . "
they ' re going to be more sorry than that . 
"say ,  i heargood things about your fingers . "
is a ponzi scheme .  it ' s a house of cards . 
"luanda ,  angola ,  27 aug–the secretary - general of the organization of oil producing countries ( opec )  ,  libya ' s abdalla salem el - hadri ,  has been in luanda since saturday on a four - day visit at the invitation of angolan oil minister ,  desid ério costa . "
without you i couldn ' t have made it . 
"this is a new way to type ,  on my old ,  color classic . "
i don ' t stand a chance against this man . 
he said you can go for audition . 
these all are the chinese literature treasure house precious inheritances . 
"it was right at 20 mhz ,  so you could pick it up really easily , "
"as your body becomes accustomed to getting water on a regular basis ,  it loses the compulsion to store water for later use .  to make a long story short ,  drink 60 ‒ 120 ounces of water every day . "
" #  i have been a lot of things , "
"but the data actually say more about the black box out of which all chinese numbers emerge rather than the chinese economy ,  albeit it says something about the latter as well . "
"computer ,  take away the two wrong answers please . "
she pretended  ( that )  she was not at home when we rang the bell . 
"bingley expressed great pleasure in the certainty of seeing elizabeth again ,  having still a great deal to say to her ,  and many enquiries to make after all their hertfordshire friends . "
and he ' s a bad guy .  he ' s like a bad kid in church . 
we can design new software for arid network  -  monitoring makes use of features of software dog . 
and now i ' m giving it to you . 
"some young men ,  i find ,  have a stamina that ' s .  .  .  really quite deceptive . "
so now you gotta buy me dinner . 
"lindsey ,  will you go to opening day with me ? "
"you know ,  most people take a plane . "
and each one of them changes in ways that are specific
"and through a bit of a leap of logic , "
"it ' s just that ,  in the past ,  they have lacked confidence or opportunity to stray . "
blue  -  collar workers in the united states have also lost out . 
you have a choice of marmalade or apricot jam for breakfast . 
the father is in a way about his son ' s misbehaviour . 
"boosting ties with china is one of the foreign policy priorities of lula da silva ,  who recently recognized the country as having a“market economy . ”"
"david ,  keep on going .  we ' re close .  we ' re down to four countries . "
"flashing his toothsome smile ,  he poked fun not only at donald trump ,  the presidential wannabe who had questioned whether the president was a real american ,  but also at himself for his professorial ways and tanking poll numbers . "
i love being able to share what i think and love as a guest editor for ivillage check it out this week ! 
a baby is sensitive to the slightest nuances in its mother ' s voice . 
we had a center where we would help young people who had problems . 
objective : to investigate the association between mitochondrial dna mutations and inherited deafness through sequence analysis of mitochondrial dna 12srrna and trna ~  ser ( ucn )  genes in a maternally transmitted non - syndromic deafness family .  methods : the diagnosis was validated by hearing test . 
you don ' t have to put yourself through this . 
"one day ben ' s mom says ,   "" enough mopin  ' around ,   ""  and she calls her brother carl to take him somewhere .  .  .  anywhere ,  just to get the kid out of the house . "
it felt like  -  -  it was amazing .  it was great
"so ,  i ' m also fairly determined to try and build"
"the preliminary results suggest goldman could lose  $ 25 billion from bad trades in another financial crisis ,  more than any other bank tested by the fed . "
they brought their grandson baby jack along . 
"until now ,  the company has limited itself to making black and white e - readers ,  designed for consuming books and magazines . "
the impact of modem culture market and consumer culture on the traditional elite art . 
"a number of varieties have antiviral ,  immunity - bosting and anti - inflammatoryproperities . "
"well folks ,  it ' s like we know these demographics here . "
2 .  they know lots of things other than what they ' re specialised in . 
so in baking we call it scaling  -  -  weighing out the ingredients . 
"1 .  what a transformation !   ' i want to change the way the world thinks about fashion ,  '  she says . "
"while not at her office ,  clinton has been talking to staff and some foreign officials by telephone . "
"it ' s just hard ,  i know there is a lot of things we are not going to be able to save .  "" "
"but here ,  we ' re talking about just inviting someone in advance ,  someone for tomorrow or next week or next month ,  then you would ask them over . "
it was all just so much fucking bullshit . 
"milling system :  cracker ,  muller ,  milling machine ,  conveyor ,  hoist ,  material house ,  fluidized bed furnace ,  helix mixing blade ,  ripe power house ,  static dust catcher and shaking motor . "
03 :  millions of trees in the world are accidentally planted by squirrels who bury nuts and do not remember where they were hiding them . 
"also according to the bank of cape verde ,  remittances from cape verdean emigrants increased by 30 percent last year to us $ 121 million . "
officials from the gorongosa park also plan to reintroduce other species such as roan deer and rhinoceros . 
one reason is that the golden calf would have acted as a pedestal to bring in the old - style gods of the egyptians . 
the thief was brought before the magistrate on a charge of theft . 
"we time the cd release with the show ,  we got a guaranteed hit plus free promotion . "
"so when they were in dilute suspension ,  they made no light . "
allergist bruce wolf says this year has been especially bad . 
you just left us and you didn ' t care . 
"kao sat up straight ,  his look of feigned surprise carried to perfection and far more natural than fang ' s genuine dismay . "
i never would have had the juice to go near her . 
"for this team ,  that came at a steep price . "
"i took the liberty of printing some topics of conversation ,  if this happened . "
"this actually is a slip that one of the winners had , "
this paper mainly employs multi  -  fractal theory to study the time series of stock price fluctuations law . 
"since winning the queensland competition ,  southall has married an australian woman and now lives in the state capital brisbane ,  where he works for the queensland tourism board . "
"some signals are probably common to all of us .  if a public speaker  ( like a professor ,  for example )  is all the time fiddling with a pencil ,  or with his glasses ,  while he is talking to you ,  he is telling you quite clearly that he is nervous .  a person who holds a hand over his mouth when he is talking is signalling that he is lacking in confidence .  if you start wriggling in your chairs ,  looking secretly at your watches or yawning behind your hands ,  i shall soon get the message that i ' m boring you .  and so on .  i ' m sure you could make a whole list of such signals - and it might be fun if you did . "
people think this is a magical thing .  how does it happen ? 
"boxing day :  the first weekday after christmas ,  celebrated as a holiday in parts of the british commonwealth ,  when christmas gifts are traditionally given to service workers . "
"according to the experts ,  the optimum time for a party photo that ' s memorable for all the right reasons comes just as the clock ticks past 9 . 30 . "
"the age group with the highest unemployment rate was the 15 - 19 bracket ,  with a rate of 36 . 8 percent ,  which the authors of the study believed was due to the high number of youngsters in the country . "
u . s .  president george bush says he is still hopeful that an israeli - palestinian peace agreement can be reached .  mr .  bush spoke during talks at the white house with palestinian president mahmoud abbas . 
" "" certainly ,  a positive attitude goes a long way towards creating a feeling of well - being which in turn can only be good for our long term health .  "" "
an armybase with helicopters and a field hospital . 
"mental health experts often use a treatment called  "" prolonged exposure therapy ""  to help soldiers returning from battle , "
"with many good connections in the line ,  we write to act as your agent in spain . "
young professionals in their late 20s or early 30s have been nicknamed the “boomeranggeneration” because of the trend toward returning to the family home having initially left to study . 
"you know ,  like copy machines  -  -  and so this is actually in basel . "
"if this is ,  indeed ,  the real man ,  meeting him would be ,  all at once ,  an incredibly exhilarating experience - and also a very depressing one . "
"and they said ,   "" you can ' t run a clinical trial like this .  you know ? "
"for the linear time - varying systems ,  a new network to solve the time - varying sylvester equation is proposed ,  we analysis it ' s convergence and robustness ,  then ,  deign the linear time - varying observer using this network model ,  and we discuss the convergence of the observer and ruboustness to unknown match parameters . "
"a spd entry may define the following several actions :  discard , bypass and apply . "
"but if it is to develop beyond mere rhetoric and symbolic gestures ,  both beijing and new delhi need to start taking concrete steps soon to banish their legacy of rivalry and mutual suspicion . "
"e ,  ari ' s here and he ' s being a douche . "
"we can reach ,  we can beach on the shores of tripoli . "
we hope there are joys andand peace in 2008 and no violence happens . 
"they ' re just living life ,  and they end up just acting like that . "
"that sense of a lightning  - strike returned whenever the camera fixed on him ,  its blue  -  eyed boy . "
"it ' s really hard to imagine a sofa ,  how it ' s going to look in your house . "
"on the bandersnatch ,  with the vorpal sword . "
"the first date covers all of your basics ,  which means that there are a lot of things to discuss :  jobs ,  families ,  hometowns ,  hobbies ,  living situations  .  .  .  the list goes on . "
why don ' t you ever listen to me ! 
"if you won ' t tell me what happened ,  you ' re not gonna see me again . "
"people ,  this area is highly contagious . "
"there are four colorways ,  black ,  white ,  brown ,  and ash  ( no pic )  ,  and also small fly embroidered . "
he was turning on her a glance of the companionable and persuasive manner . 
in this paper we prove the boundedness of the θ  -  type calder � � n  -  zygmund commutator on the triebel  -  lizorkin space . 
"of the total new branches opened in 2007 ,  just two were located in districts that previously had no banking services–moamba ,  in maputo province and meconta ,  in nampula province and one bank opened a mobile branch covering three districts . "
"in this paper ,  we adopt quantity analysis on conflict management in a multinational project . "
in that cloudy sky only one lone star could be seen . 
"last time you were sick ,  you had a party . "
"hamburger is a municipality directly under the central government of confederative germany ,  also be a city . "
the paper is about application of several technology on biological chemistry in hereditism . 
that we will be able to compare to observations . 
that i ' m really amazed at how easily kids are led to believe
i want to give you a little bit of perspective
"when we procrastinate ,  we squander away our free time and put off important tasks we should be doing them till it’s too late . "
"so if you look at cancers ,  it is very rare  -  -  extremely rare  -  - "
"we ' d love to come down for the holidays .  "" "
"ysi so much time was with bumpy ,  it means that a lot of time passed with italian .  definitively enough to learn so much . "
"even in the state of my demented grief , "
"and from day to day ,  we have the techniques that we use . "
"it ' s shown being presented here ,  put into its case"
"an optical signal - obtaining system with the pattern engraved on top of rotor for a type of gyroscope is discussed .  the fabrication process of signal - obtaining pattern using lithography technology is studied , and the fabrication results of signal - obtaining pattern are given . "
"and they were threatened by those black ships there , "
"another investment group public figure tells a reporter ,  hearsay of abscond of author of ppg of this paragraph of time often appears on the dining table of investor . "
silk fabrics indispensable to be treated with flame retardants for legal requirements in many countries . 
"after working a twelve hour shift yesterday ,  i was out like a light as soon as i got into bed . "
it ’ll start with the largest corporations and trickle down to the mom and pop bakery on the corner . 
"and it was great .  with this experience ,  i started to look more closely"
"hey ,  i brought along an old friend . "
"the first is the simplest ,  in theory at least :  do what the medieval alchemists never managed and discover an elixir to simply avoid dying . "
ron williamson .  ron was convicted of the rape and murder
"after the olympic games draw to a close in august ,  a second cadre of elite ,  world - class athletes will arrive in beijing . "
could i have one more there ? 
"in terms of psychographic ,  you know ,  the people in second life"
the world as we know it will soon come to an end . 
they ' il take the one ship in the hangar and leave everyone else here to die . 
with the experimental data the errors induced by the crass - sensitivity are calculated and some conclusions are obtained . 
"district 9 has been lauded for combining an allegory of apartheid with awesome special effects ,  but it is perhaps the real  -  life locations that will linger in audience minds . "
"when somebody asks you ,   "" where do you live ,  where do you work , "
"she can speak german and french ,  not to speak of english . "
there are many other technologies for people making paper using small machines . 
"lm :  what i know from ,  he ' s working really hard in his lab"
but what really drives scientists to the far ends of the earth in search of new species is something far less pragmatic . 
"you were always in my heart ,  thel . "
"now ,  places that didn ' t do this  -  -  new york city for example , "
"article 25 where a domestic custodian chooses an overseas commercial bank as its overseas escrow agent ,  the conditions stipulated in the custody agreement shall be observed . "
and that ' s basically what ' s going on in your brain right now as you ' re watching this . 
"no ,  you ' re calling it .   .   .   . "
i think so —that undergraduate major in philosophy predated law school after all . 
i have a biochem lab at noon . 
"then ,  make a concise ,  logical case for your approach :   "" emphasize the positive outcome .  focus on what your boss will get out of doing as you suggest .  ""  if you ' ve already tried this ,  keep at it :   "" rehearse your argument beforehand and make sure you are stating it clearly and rationally ""  -  -  and without a trace of condescension for his  ( alleged )  lack of technical knowledge .  sometimes ,  of course ,  it ' s not what you say that can trip you up ,  it ' s how you say it . "
"“there will have to be another programme in greece , ” in order to help the country “get over the hill” of debt financing that it still faces ,  mr schäuble said at a campaign event near the northern port of hamburg . "
should we give in to this terrorist ' s demands ? 
i have no idea what you ' re talking about . 
how could doing such a simple thing like walking and not talking
" [ kjv ]  but all the israelites went down to the philistines ,  to sharpen every man his share ,  and his coulter ,  and his axe ,  and his mattock . "
and it expresses our view of how we should try to relate to the future . 
the mermaid statue will make her chinese debut at a man - made lake resembling the sights of copenhagen harbor where the statue resides . 
"in case that you missed the event and live chat ,  here are some photos from nike ' s event . "
" "" three million to address the continued social and economic situation particularly for the vulnerable populations on the island ,  ""  said clancy .   "" haiti ,  as you ' re aware ,  is the poorest country in the western hemisphere .  the instability there has of course compounded the difficult situation the population has been facing ,  particularly since april troubles linked to the increase in food prices globally and particularly in haiti .  "" "
officials said a young girl is the first confirmed fatality . 
the president just evacuated the entire westcoast
"we all assume that they all live together ,  hang out together ,  they live in some social colony in beverly hills ,  they only socialize with each other . "
"in particular ,  they were obsessed with the story of grey poupon .  right ? "
"it worked by friction ,  as the teeth of the gears slid over the pallet ;  but this arrangement needed lubrication ,  and as the oil degraded the watch lost time . "
i need to go to the bathroom . 
and as you think about this stuff and what the
like a young mother half -  shy of her own glory she walks among us . 
he took the simple precaution of having cyanide capsules placed in lockets
he saidyou told him he could move in . 
today we took another piece of the city of toktyl . 
i didn ' t bring my bathing suit . 
one proposal under discussion is that of the president to form a government of technocrats made up of what it described as  ' distinguished and non - political '  figures . 
effects of dispersion decreasing and loss on transmission of bragg solitons in fiber bragg gratings is analyzed by simulating numerically the transform of bragg solitons . 
"dianchi lake has kinmen and matsu east hill ,  a west pico mountain chicken ,  a snake - north ,  south have heshan . "
voters in the irish republic have backed a european treaty drawn up in response to the eurozone crisis .  just over 60 %  of those voting approved the agreement . 
any of a group of colors between red and yellow in hue that are medium to low in lightness and low to moderate in saturation . 
one of the assignments for a year was to work with in - vitro meat . 
"generally speaking ,  during the long wave upward period ,  if no random d blast intervenes ,  the fluctuation of short cycle and major cycle may relatively abate . "
"on the final day of the trade show ,  the guard could restrain his curiosity no longer . "
"many of you ,  i think ,  have probably trekked here . "
"in a related survey ,  china ranked near the bottom in a poll measuring job satisfaction among 22 asian countries .  only 49 %  of chinese respondents said they were happy in their jobs . "
"you ' ve got to have a motive ,  probie . "
"pretoria ,  south africa ,  19 sept–the minister of trade and industry of south africa and mozambique ' s finance minister tuesday in pretoria signed an agreement for the creation of one - stop border posts between the two countries . "
"in pennsylvania alone ,  we have been surveying bees for 150 years , "
the windows were ajar and gleaming white against the fresh grass outside that seemed to grow a little way into the house . 
"bill gates is perhaps the world ' s best known entrepreneur .  he did not invent personal computers ,  but his operating system made them easy to use and brought the new technology to millions . "
"daily newspaper jornal de s ão tom éreported that foreign ,  cooperation and community minister carlos gustavo dos anjos ,  last week received a commitment from the lybian authorities that financial aid would be provided and that in the next few days a specialized team would arrive on the archipelago . "
"the abler speakers were obliged to play to the gallery ,  and take a sentimental and sensational line . "
they would wait for someone to be brave enough to try to hit it off . 
the ingestible chips would be activated by stomach acid to notify doctors that patients are taking their medicines on schedule and at the proper dose . 
"for light source of led ,  there are red ,  green ,  blue ,  white ,  yellow ,  double colors ,  three colors jumps to change ,  gradual change ,  seven colour jump to change ,  gradual change etc . "
"nico roberg also crashed ,  after his engine cut out due to an electronics glitch . "
the students became disillusioned about the romance of camping once the heavy rains collapsed their tent . 
and i started trying to understand the roots of happiness . 
" "" les freres ""  is the name of my restaurant it means  "" brothers ""  . "
" "" there are other issues going on out there but the one that stole the show is the interest to the ncds ,  ""   "" two ,  it ' s the recognition that if we don ' t intervene ,  that '  ll be calamitous . "
"yeah ,  but i can ' t just stop talking to them ,  like you . "
little did she know that adam had already killed his mother at the home they shared nearby . 
"hey ,  grab the pebble from my hand ,  grasshopper ! "
in witness whereof the parties hereto have executed this agreement and year first above written . 
the content and the framework of this paper is gained from a multi  -  layered system . 
"objectives to clear the effect of defecation to the cardiac function in the different periods ,  times and positions .  by comparing the purgative effect of two alvi dejection ways ,  kaiselu intranus injection and castor oil oral administration ,  to provide the guide for the defecation nursing of ami patients . "
"um ,  perhaps round the front of the house . "
tell me what you know about beckham . 
tolstoy hated shakespeare because he didn ' t take a stand . 
"the second phase of the work ,  according to the source ,  is due to begin in february 2010 and includes building a military terminal and creating three new runway links to commercial aircraft and five others for military aircraft . "
"that may coming up full speed ,  i joined the women ' s track team . "
and what do you say to your other nickname ? 
what happens when i return the application forms to the nmc ? 
"so ,  neil gershenfeld showed you this video on wednesday ,  i believe , "
a single weak spot and the phalanx shatters . 
"he is ,  for instance ,  the largest user of injectable collagen and botox  -  in the world . "
how the danish firm became the world ' s hottest toy company
"just as he caught the worm ,  he cried out . "
marius himself dates back to 400 b . c . 
5 .  is my company a business i would want my children to run ? 
 #  i never will believe that i left you that way i did  # 
it was a store that sold boating and fishing gear . 
"this is quite consistent with what is happening in the emerging world ,  more broadly . "
"his life motto is :   "" integrity ,  trustworthiness ,  goodnaturedness ,  modesty  &  moderation  ""  . "
for how long people of various ages today  -  - 
1 .  a self - made periosteal distraction device was rigidly fixed to the lateral surface of the mandible in 16 mature male new zealand white rabbits . 
"with each step up in capabilities ,  your application takes an unavoidable corresponding step up in complexity . "
10 .  finding out they are bringing back one of your favorite cancelled tv shows . 
it ' s bleeding .  you ' d better go see a doctor about that cut . 
i can ' t wait to find out what it looks like . 
events in the middle east — and the anticipation of higher oil prices in future — will further accelerate the stockpiling . 
i didn ' t think you were coming . 
one state in northern india has gone so far
"secrets to impressing their recruiters :   "" be selective with the positions you apply for .  applying for too many positions at the same hotel can confuse a recruiter as to where your interest really lies .  once you have been contacted by a recruiter ,  you can always share with them that you are open to other opportunities ,  ""  says rayna weatherald ,  director of human resources at portland ' s marriott downtown waterfront . "
which size ?  it ' s a piece of cake .  i like challenges . 
"meaney ,  if they give that waterboy the football , "
dosch textures :  reflection maps vprovides 17high resolution textures for creating outstanding reflection effects in computer graphics . 
" "" each player gets one ,  and an alphabet id .  "" "
"cyclone nargis hit at a crucial time for burma ' s military - led government ,  which was scheduled to hold a nationwide referendum on a new constitution this coming saturday in hopes of dampening international criticism of its crackdown on anti - government protesters last year . "
then the results were compared to those of children who did not take lessons . 
that tells you why this shape theory really does not work very well . 
i ' m as anatomically - impaired as a ken doll . 
"there is a stack of hay ,  a leaky barrel in the discard barn . "
nobody leaves my tequila worm dangling in the wind ! 
please call your dog off it ' s frightening the children . 
"palm alone has been pardoned ,  and returns with his old rank to the army . "
"but in the crossword puzzle worid ,  it kind ofhas that same cachet . "
for even in thessalonica ye sent once and again unto my necessity . 
i can ' t  -  you can do this
fish caught off the coast still have raised levels contamination more than a year after the plant was disastrously damaged by an earthquake . 
"as usual , 3 pm ,  old hawk is selling his fresh mackerel fishes by the dock . "
"no ,  i will not tell you where i am or who i ' m with .  .  .  but i will tell you this ,  kevin ,  i ' m drinking champagne . "
"please ,  don ' t cut them off ,  don ' t cut them off ,  don ' t cut them off ! "
creativity is the meme - maker that puts slogans on our t - shirts
"by saying  "" who is that person in the mirror ?  oh it ' s actually me .  "" "
dx pile is a new type of squeezed cast  -  in  -  situ pile with multi  -  branch . 
"if you expect to enter the university ,  you should apply now . "
"the product was purified and characterized by gas chromatography ,  mass spectrograph and infrared spectroscopy . "
hall - of - famer “the blaze ” was a three -  time all - american for montclair state college and played professionally in the short - lived women’s pro basketball league in 1980 . 
"giant salamander ' s oviduct is the long and crooked tubal structure , thin in the front and thick in the back , and the length is approximately the 1 . 5～3 time of body length . "
the making model of superstructure fiber bragg grating  ( sfbg )  is analyzed with diffraction theory . 
there isn ' t a grain of truth in his statement . 
"and listen ,  tell me this ,  is this true ? "
" ( 2 )  ,  13 -  14 days treated under low temperature were considered as the best investigative date for germination at 6℃ ,   ( 3 )  ,  tolerance to cold is different oweing to the difference of seed coat colour ,  hilum colour ,  seed shape and lustre of seed coat .   ( 4 )  ,  the negative correlation coefficient between weight of 100 seeds and tolerance to cold is closely up to i %  significant level . "
"for this installment ,  250 words '  sam mcnerney sits down with faisal hoque ,  former ge executive ,  serial entrepreneur and co - author of the new book everything connects :  how to transform and lead in the age of creativity ,  innovation ,  and sustainability  ( mcgraw - hill education )  .  combining the wisdom of 2 , 500 - year - old eastern philosophies with insights from leonardo da vinci ,  hoque reveals how businesses can succeed in the long run .  sam talks to the author about mindfulness ,   "" deep level ""  diversity ,  and what it really means to be creative . "
what of the research into cyber - security that mr montebourg ventured out to see one september morning ? 
aquamarine power has unveiled the latest design of its oyster wave energy device which it claims can generate up to 250 per cent more energy than its previous model . 
what was your sister doing the day she disappeared ? 
"brazilian investments in mining ventures between 2007 and 2011 are forecast to reach us $  32 billion .  some us $  14 . 130 billion of this will be targeted at iron ore projects ,  according to figures from ibram ,  which comprises national and overseas firms operating in brazil . "
the students put up a poster on the bulletin board . 
it is clear that understanding two languages can help children as they grow older . 
have harry bring me the spreadsheets for canary lsland´s offshore . 
carlos says he thought his parents would understand if he wanted to express himself . 
"bimonthly ,  remit financial project report following the company control system . "
"by utilizing ethanol to displace the solvent ,  the agglomeration of mullite superfine powders during drying process and the stability during preservation will be improved . "
"in 2010 ,  the public - interest group judicial watch caused a stir when it reported that mrs .  obama ' s vacation to spain cost taxpayers about  $ 450 , 000 .  judicial watch got the numbers after filing freedom of information act requests with the air force and u . s .  secret service . "
"i ' m going to read quickly  -  -  and probably i ' m going to edit some , "
"last year it happened to 22m vehicles in america ,  compared with 18m in 2012 . "
"human blood contains the protein hemoglobin ,  which helps it absorb oxygen and causes its red color . "
"survivor of countless missions in enemy territory ,  killed in a dump for vagrancy !  "" "
"such methods will likely be retained by governments that lack advanced resources for internet policing ,  analysts say . "
"strong growth of the macau tourism market ,  which has seen its number of visitors triple since its administration was handed back to china by portugal in december 1999 ,  has been driven by the higher spending power of chinese tourists . "
"they mar my path ,  they set forward my calamity ,  they have no helper . "
it is impossible to get good help anymore . 
police in spain have recovered a precious medieval religious manuscript that was stolen from the cathedral in santiago de compostela last year . 
"while she plays the celebrity game ,  it always seems to serve a higher purpose than personal vanity or greed .  pictures of her newborn twins were sold for a  $ 14 million donation to her jolie - pitt foundation .  those who have worked with her say her behaviour is strikingly un - divalike and professional . "
"it ' s this beautiful world all of its own ,  surrounded by cliffs , "
"the advance testing of something ,  such as a questionnaire ,  a product ,  or an idea . "
mr bradford said :  ‘on the day she was obviously excited and i was too . 
"as you can see from this video of chandler , "
and i think what rotates the chain is this big .  .  . 
you ought to put your watch forward to the correct time . 
" "" the sea ' s only gifts are harsh blows , "
it has been rehearsed and thought about a lot . 
dare i say .  but by that i mean where you can absolutely do anything you imagine . 
"more often than not ,  when people react defensively when we broach a crucial conversation with them ,  the problem was not their lack of character ,  it was our lack of skill . "
"we start wearing kevlar ,  they buy armor - piercing rounds . "
"but if you got attacked ,  that was something you could do something about . "
you want to go back to the streets ? 
he wants to be posted on your movements . 
objective to increase the retention and stability of traditional removable partial denture . 
"i didn ' t say anything ,  mr .  rigazzi . "
"the three - year - old did slightly worse .  so ,  he gets about a 500"
"since the advent of treatment in the middle of the 1990s , "
what do you see in person ?  we need to capture that up close
charge of sodium borohydride could be decreased by mixing sodium bisulfite to obtain similar stabilizing effect . 
"that is the slogan of the olympics .  it is also called the ""  motto ""  . "
what ted celebrates is the gift of the human imagination . 
"an hour ' s train ride away near shenzhen ,  the special economic zone bordering hong kong ,  the scene is startlingly different .  a queue of 1 ,  000 workers await interviews at foxconn ,  taiwanese maker of mobile phones and computers for western brands ,  including apple . "
we have to look over generations to understand it . 
the unit has an estimated annual production capacity of 5 million tons of gas . 
i could be retiredfor contacting you directly . 
but slightly worse .  you don ' t want to be a lithium patient this time . 
is that the driver of this technology is available everywhere . 
this antediluvian shows boundless glamour in change modelling respect . 
because you ' re a fan of his policies or .  .  . 
"the question is ,  is she too glamorous to live in his world ? "
"in computer programming ,  a high level language instruction that places a value in a program specified memory address ,  location . "
"aside from xie ,  a traffic patrol officer ,  there is wang kai ,  27 ,  a traffic officer ;  wang tianbing ,  24 ,  crime scene investigator ;  zhou fan ,  24 ,  patrol officer ,  and zhang yinan ,  25 ,  a criminal officer . "
"this paper analyses the communication system of s7 - 300 / 400 , including the network structure、the way of communication and the sorts of its , also introduces its application in sinter machine and blast furnace . "
"he said it is in the common interests of asia - pacific countries to maintain regional stability ,  promote economic growth and deepen regional cooperation . "
international aid organizations say less than 30 percent of the more than two million people most seriously affected by the cyclone have received adequate assistance . 
"and we would like to bring this for the very first time ,  to the united states"
"make a mixture of sugar ,  flour and butter in a mixing bowl then put over apples ,  smoothing it over . "
"on the occasion ,  the minister noted that one of the campaign ' s aims was to revive mozambique ' s industries and increase domestic consumption of its own products ,  which required improving their quality . "
it is only natural that washington and tokyo should watch the rise of china ' s navy with some nervousness . 
the drummer was worried because his mallet was missing one minute before the concert
the angolan government also accused the three companies involved of acting in bad faith due to the short period of time between the transfer of shares from scancem to scanang and the acquisition of the latter by cimpor . 
"the castle stands on a hill ,  and the road thereto is steep and rough . "
he went out to recruit the best of the best dancers
this article author fortunately participated in the new customer service system construction . 
"called  "" against the fall of night ""  and  "" the city and the stars .  "" "
this is what i ' m passionate about .  it is precisely this . 
that do not always sufficiently share the benefits of wealth and improved quality of life with all citizens . 
" [ results ] proportions of persons respectively with sexual enhancement , sexual reduction ,  menstrual cycle protracting ,  menstrual cycle shortening were 6 . 5 %  , 4 . 0 %  , 8 . 0 %  , 10 . 0 %  respectively for experimental group , and 5 . 5 %  , 4 . 0 %  , 12 . 0 %  ,  7 . 0 %  respectively for control group  ( p > 0 . 05 )  ; "
we ' il get what we want and come back again . 
"it ' s monday ,  april 7 and we are going all over the world today starting in afghanistan . "
he agreed to do it your way . 
"as something that will create the impression that there will be political cost , "
"two bacterial strains so - 2 and so - 3 were isolated from the kidney of moribund red drum .  the pathogenicity of these two isolates to red drum , tilapia and mouse was tested . "
"i actually got to speak to palm when they were flying high in the  ' 90s , "
and what we do is we track the performance
"in fact ,  new federal dietary guidelines recommend that half of each meal should be composed of fruits and vegetables . "
"listen ,  dent ,  i swear to god ,  i didn ' t know what they were gonna do to you . "
"but for the most part ,  the nation ' s business was business . "
your life is empty because you spend it trying to stop the bomb from becoming . 
"all grades of disorders occur ,  ranging from defective skeletal coverings to absence of the brain . "
miss yuka irie .  please tell us your date of birth . 
european agriculture ministers failed to break the deadlock over farm subsidies . 
"with these moves the mozambican authorities plan to encourage tourism ,  creating jobs ,  public revenues ,  tax and exchange rate revenues and to complement activities promoting tourism ,  a sector that is amongst the government ' s first priorities for economic growth . "
"through a series of operations ,  doctors have closed his cleft lip but his palate will require more surgeries ,  his mother said . "
that was their advertising slogan to get people to buy coca - cola . 
"and right now i have in place ,  for the last nine months , "
"and when i say men ,  i mean people with penises . "
it was here that the only violent incident of the day erupted . 
"so ,  if that ' s not the purpose of the universe ,  then what ' s next ? "
my house is all dark and lonesome  -  lend me your light . 
under business as usual .  efficiency in end - use electricity and end - use of all energy
the first sketch recognizes that the building is many spaces  -  - 
he had his own way of looking at things . 
"another widely - used expression is to  "" let the cat out of the bag .  "" "
"later in his life he was persuaded to attend another royal lady ,  queen christina . "
he was told to leave the dog outside . 
"“the more we prepare now the more likely we can survive in business after graduation , ” said xia .  “i just don’t want to work for a salary . ”"
"it was a sledge ,  and it was reindeer with bells on their harness . "
i don ' t mean to be crude but he ' s human trash
"jack ,  how about if we head toward the shihlin night market next ? "
"south asian nuclear neighbors ,  india ,  pakistan and china ,  each control portions of jammu and kashmir divided by a ceasefire line called the line of control ,  and actual line of control .  the major portions lie within india and pakistan ,  who have fought three wars over the region ,  while china controls a largely unpopulated region . "
"“it’s important to know about the people we serve , ” said dai .  “we wouldn’t have revised our policy in response to drivers’ needs if we didn’t get out of the office and talk to them . ”"
she began to tell me the plot in great detail . 
"if so ,  it’s up to us to distinguish very carefully between what’s passion and what’s aggression . "
"after giving the introduction of the designing conception and the correlated technology , the article analyzes how to design the private uddi as well as public uddi , which provides the data register service center , how to realize the government affairs information resource ' s exchanging and sharing , which is flexible and expansible and safe , and in the precondition of protecting existing resources and integrating the existing system loosely . "
why are you involved in all this ? 
they would come from miles around to listen to him tell stories . 
"in the republican presidential race ,  senator john mccain of arizona solidified his grip on the party nomination with convincing victories in maryland ,  virginia ,  and washington ,  d . c . "
"yu guoming ,  a communications professor at renmin university of china ,  says tv stations could lose money . "
he came up with good ideas for the product promotion . 
"even pieter wezeman of the stockholm international peace research institute ,  a critic of weapons sales ,  compares a heckler  &  koch gun to a high - quality leica camera . "
"beijing ,  china–31 aug–the gross domestic product ( gdp )  growth for china in 2005 increased from 9 . 9 percent to 10 . 2 percent ,  according to the chinese statistics department . "
"but for us ,  i want to talk about three factors today . "
visitor shops are stuffed with crop - circle memorabilia ;  coach tours frequent them . 
you - you - you .  .  .  you ' re .  .  .  you ' re .  .  .  you ' re much too beautiful to marry a telegraph operator . 
why are there so many louts here ? 
"decadence and nothingness  "" appeared with the age of maturity and the unfortunate personal experiences which abound with decadence and sorrow .  "" "
"you might like texting ,  frown upon ,  but now comes  "" chexting  ""  -  -  cheating via texting  -  -  and it can lead to big trouble . "
the way to do that is to develop a conversation with the body . 
and here were are .  we have a continuum in the world . 
"what is potentially worse ,  is that this loss can accumulate — saving multiple versions of artwork can cause degradation with every save . "
the matrix of leadership is not found . 
a hypothetical substance formerly thought to be a volatile constituent of all combustible substances released as flame in combustion . 
this human finiteness should cause us to see how weak and feeble we are . 
"your local vc might not like this format ,  but i ' m betting it will help your team think through the hard issues more clearly . "
"in fact ,  in many of the statues ,  when you excavate them , "
"i ' m nauseous ,  my boobs hurt ,  and i can smell everything . "
changes the value stored inside the token to the new value . 
"the crowd hooted .  the young man had us laughing ,  but it seemed unfair to pick on this unhappy young woman . "
and we ' ve now surveyed organisms from all over the tree of life  -  - 
i try to keep in touch with current events by reading the newspapers . 
" ?  come on fly baby ,  we got work to do  ? "
"if anything ,  i feel lucky to be alive . "
south korea ' s chief diplomat says a diplomatic process aimed at getting rid of north korea ' s nuclear weapons is at risk if pyongyang continues on its current path .  the north ' s moves to resume activity at its main nuclear reactor could end up isolating and impoverishing the country even further . 
there is a little likelihood of concluding business at your price . 
"judge enfield ruled against me and steve ,  but upheld enough of the absentee votes for county judge charles whorton ,  sheriff ralph baker ,  and their crew to stay in office . "
the fishermen were forewarned of the oncoming of the storm . 
photo id :  sin 0387 .  a restaurant photo message board .  singapore 2006 . 
as we get closer and closer to this technology . 
a magazine titled world online therapy we publish is the bimonthly . 
the danger in all this is that investors lose sight of the risks to the value of internet companies . 
"ever find yourself playing it safe with your language at work ?  as in — ending statements with question marks in your voice ,  or prefacing any critique or feedback or new idea you have with  "" sorry ,  but … .  "" "
"see ,  after all these years ,  i know what went wrong . "
why would i want to do that ? 
"the average total content of l8 amino acids was 4832 . 96 mg / gn ( amino acid conten of per gramme nitrogen )  , in which the content of necessary amino acids accounted to39 . 40 % 。"
"a comparison between two different translations of “a dream of red mansions” made by yang xian - yi couple and david hawkes respectively reveals the different use of punctuation in the title of every chapter , which contributes to the different styles of two translations . "
but these nations continue to carry a lot of debt compared to the size of their economies . 
"on may 19 ,  2005 ,  the day after being turned away ,  hendrix arrived at the hospital with a video camera and was able to catch a glimpse of the twins in the nursery— the first and last time he saw them . "
and we end up in hong ngu on the vietnamese side . 
bad enough we had to see j .  edgar hoover in a dress . 
"whether you are in shape or not ,  swimming is a relaxing way of being and getting fit . "
you van ' t make stuff like that up . 
the only real information we can derive from this test is that none of our code threw any exceptions . 
the prince can ' t even weigh up gains and losses
"you know ,  i use menstrual blood as makeup in my show . "
"then ,  with no sure way to know who the ultimate winners would be ,  they bid up every company having anything to do with that opportunity . "
and now we take our honeymoons there .  the same thing will happen in space . 
because they often get dust on the contact heads  -  -  and knowledge . 
steve jobs’ creative vision was shaped  ( from his words )  while backpacking across india . 
"to keep america competitive into the future ,  we must trust in the skill of our scientists and engineers and empower them to pursue the breakthroughs of tomorrow .  last year ,  the congress passed legislation supporting the american competitiveness initiative ,  but never followed through with the funding .  this funding is essential to keeping our scientific edge .  so i ask the congress to double federal support for critical basic research in the physical sciences and ensure america remains the most dynamic nation on earth . "
i reallyonly came back to pack my things . 
"you can ' t outrun what you did ,  jason . "
"as is apparent from the description ,  erin brockovich is film treading on the ground of earlier films . "
"that if you travel far enough ,  you can find out there  -  - "
"u . s .  president george bush says america ' s economy is facing a  "" pivotal moment ""  in a financial crisis that began with risky home mortgages now spreading throughout the financial system and eroding consumer confidence .  mr .  bush wants congress to buy up securities based on those risky mortgages to protect the nation from  "" serious risk .  "" "
"the tenon does not conform to the mortise ,  so it can not fit into the mortise . "
"orange flags stand out brightly ,  set against the blue sky . "
we ' il get that tube out of your throat later today . 
"what this is doing is ,  we find a  -  - "
they can even be mixed within the same animate  (  )  call . 
take a look at the second door and see
"former international monetary fund chief ,  economist simon johnson told the joint economic committee that the u . s .  government needs to boost spending to avert a catastrophic downturn . "
and the way that it came across to some people on that day  -  - 
correspondents say this is beijing ' s response to america ' s new policy of strengthening its military and political presence in asia . 
"so we ' re able to do the simulation ,  but this is two days on a desktop . "
held a working meeting of the clean energy research center on may 25 . 
"we just don ' t connect the ulcer with the eventual treatment , "
republicans dropped a provision that would have allowed businesses to reclaim taxes previously paid .  democrats dropped their demands for increases in food stamps and unemployment benefits . 
anything we use to blow the door could ignite a fire inside . 
african immigrants make up 17 percent of the foreign born population in washington . 
"a system of cognitive processes ,  largely non - conscious cognitive processes , "
"well ,  produce the sustenance ,  if you please . "
tell her to send them to my lawyer . 
"he finishes explaining that ,  and i ' m waiting for the big 300 pound paper proposal , "
"to yemen , where he was accused of participation in the 1998 kidnapping of 16 western tourists , which ended with the deaths of three britons and an australian . "
this will trick the evil spirits and help your cough . 
"you know when it goes from green to brown ,  like ,  ugh ,  that putrid -  -  ? "
of all the sciences is here just for the taking on our planet . 
now you can burn audio cds and back up the internal hard drive at blazing speeds . 
write the outermost summary  -  level use cases covering all of the above . 
the research on the literature of ci lyric in paintings has been one of the literature researches where shi lyric in paintings is studied relatively deep and various peotry anthologies and appreciation books emerge endlessly . 
no one did the big jobs like you . 
"though a north korean long -  range missile headed for continental america would probably not pass over japan ,  one headed for hawaii might . "
"it is thought that her diet ,  the amount she exercises ,  whether she smokes or drinks alcohol and even whichpollutantsshe is exposed to can alter the dna of her unborn child . "
19 .  my duties included compiling reports for the chief engineer on production in the various departments . 
i thank president bushfor his service to our nation . 
"had an encounter ,  he thought ,  with jesus in 1820 . "
i want to test this bridge first . 
"the more kinetic energy there is ,  the heavier these daughter particles can be . "
"so reza ,  should i charge you a ‘fee’ or ‘fare’ for my professional advice about english grammar ?  ! "
i tried to find our old spot at yellowstone . 
" "" you know .  tom .  that tall ,  handsome guy with curly hair .  "" "
"so ,  understanding of and reflection on the turn of the paradigms of western epistemology are quite valuable ,  especially in the present knowledge era . "
streets full of blood d bullet casings . 
"however ,  the services of a professional organizer can be costly . "
that boy ' s a fine piece of ass . 
"out of my way ,  i can ' t see . "
this will look like the two energies will be knitting together . 
"we were incredibly lucky that it got picked up , "
"and during his speech ,  a woman in the audience took hold of a microphone and declared her devotion to colonel gaddafi .   "" you are the sword of allah . "
any of various sausages or molded loaf meats sliced and served cold . 
"now ,  what ' s interesting is the animals ,  then  -  -  we said  -  -  bounce along"
i told the husband he was a jerk . 
"the ecological bottle house has become a tourist attraction for the iguazu falls area ,  and the family supports the project through donations and selling their artisan items to visitors . "
from suharto ' s era to have managed to preserve his businesses and political clout
"the two are opposites .  they are opposed and antagonistic towards one another .  so klawans points out ,  as you know ,  that there are three main sources of impurity in p . "
"you must take this  "" true story ""  with a large pinch of salt ;  most of it is the writer ' s imagination . "
"oh ,  i told my folks i had a soccer trip . "
"only 5 %  came back after nationality verification . ” activists say the nationality verification program  ,  while well intentioned ,  is cumbersome  ,  too expensive and opens migrants and their children to abuse . "
"duarte is an economics graduate form the lisbon technical university ,  and international mba from arizona university . "
"from already the pass take out three greatest mouths in the house and be take out and say  :  ""  you the arrant fool of this pig brain ,  don ' t jilt you to jilt who ah  ?  "" "
you can put your clothes in there . 
"yet caveats can only help a government so much .  ministers are alarmed ,  and rightly .  the coalition has enjoyed unexpected success in making the case for deficit reduction .  not every voter likes every cut ,  but  "" they know we have a plan ,  ""  says a cabinet minister .  those same voters ,  he worries ,  are less sure that the conservative - liberal democrat coalition has a plan for growth . "
"first ,  because they’re rich in fat ,  so they’re seen as signs of abundance . "
"it includes not only research of newtonian fluid ,  but also study of non  -  newtonian fluid . "
"we all have it ,  but we each define it differently and have varying expectations of ourselves and our own abilities to be happy . "
only about 15 percent of the known species have been studied well enough to evaluate their status . 
will you testify in court that niles and dexter committed these burglaries ?  . 
"speaking to angolan news agency angop on the sidelines of the 1st national brands conference ,  which ended wednesday in luanda ,  ari de carvalho said it was natural that foreign brands were duplicated and implemented in the country as it was a new market . "
"america is leading the fight against disease .  with your help ,  we are working to cut by half the number of malaria - related deaths in 15 african nations .  and our emergency plan for aids relief is treating 1 . 4 million people .  we can bring healing and hope to many more .  so i ask you to maintain the principles that have changed behavior and made this program a success .  and i call on you to double our initial commitment to fighting hiv / aids by approving an additional  $ 30 billion over the next five years . "
"it ' s so clever of you ,  knowing what you want . "
i have a favor to ask of you . 
result :  you perform depraved acts of self - humiliation and are enthusiastically accepted into the fold . 
that most of them are cancelling each other out . 
"in 2008 ,  logitech ships its one -  billionth mouse since it began selling them in 1982 . "
"so if you hit your thumb ,  for example ,  it may hurt – it may throb . "
" "" there is a mythology that china is about cheap manufacturing and stealing intellectual property ,  ""  sorrell said .   "" that ' s not the reality .  the reality is that chinese companies are beginning to understand the importance of branding .  "" "
at first we weren ' t sure if the information was reliable . 
"furthermore ,  i admire the courage and confidence it takes to plunge into something difficult ,  intimidating and unfamiliar until you become its master and make it serve your needs . "
"after elucidating the development and chief meanings of ecological modernisation , the paper applies ecological modernisation to analyzing some existing views and puts emphasis on the environmental improvement in industry and industrial reconstruction . "
it opens and then this is the tutoring center in the back . 
is there a workmanship standard for touch up of final qc ? 
"we have many advanced management personnels ,  experienced professional operation team and advanced computer processing systems . "
where thousands of orphans were being kept in medieval conditions . 
"and to be honest ,  we did have an ok time playing a board game .  until … . "
to see where the cursor is on the screen . 
the classification of different wood materials for papermaking based on the near  -  infrared reflectance spectroscopy  ( nir )  was studied . 
"the first lady :  we both love this time of year ,  and there’s nothing quite like celebrating the holidays at the white house . "
"i hear you ,  but he ' s mixed up . "
mr haldane shows that the implicit insurance to huge banks is bigger than to smaller ones . 
we ' il get both bullets to the lab . 
"according to a source from the mozambican energy ministry ,  some of these projects are“at an advanced stage of assessment . ”"
"he ' s gonna pay me back ,  he doesn ' t know it yet"
"but although some saw culture as an obstacle ,  others see the trip as building understanding between two nations that remain wary of each other . "
"however ,  when using the model for the 2008 european championship ,  the forecast winner did not make it to the second round . "
monokaryons of this fungus will grow readily as saprophytes in plate or liquid culture . 
charter on euro  -  mediterranean cooperation concerning the environment in the mediterranean basin  ( nicosia charter ) 
"any prisoner misses roll call ,  spends the night in the box . "
"yeah ,  it ' s funny to you ,  but to the fallen ,  that ' s like nails on a chalkboard . "
which i try not to let the security people see at airports . 
"the srbc and mrbc rosette forming test combined wtih α - naphthyl acetate esterase ( anae ) staining was employed to find , as a result , that esterase positive cells ( anae +  ) of lymphocytes from subjects with diffe -  rent measles vaccinal history were all in the range of 60～66 %  . "
"all hallux valgus deformity were corrected .  there was a significant diffe rence between preoperative and postoperative measurements of forefoot standing a p radiographs in hva ,  ima and pasa  ( p < 0 . 01 )  .  the fineness rate was u p to 94 . 4 %  . "
a sweaty game of wheelchair basketball ends with all the players but one walking out of the gym . 
don ' t you have to begoing out to get dumped ? 
"air lock  -  a small room with interlocked doors ,  constructed to maintain air pressure control between adjoining rooms  ( generally with different air cleanliness standards )  . "
dr .  terhark promisedi ' d be home in time . 
"following reports by major media ,  there was a strong reaction from the public .  many parents and netizens left messages online expressing support for the government . "
the police searched all the fields and woods within a radius of two miles . 
and i lay down on my stomach beside her
"what will you do when the war is over ,  sir ? "
"out of necessity or out of interest ,  people go back to school for the common goal to improve themselves . "
yet europe thinks these kinds of defaults are avoidable and rogoff isn ' t buying it . 
"well ,  shelley ,  you didn ' t really move to peru . "
"i ' m here to talk about the next big thing , "
ahp is an effective multi  -  target decision method combining qualitative analysis with quantitative analysis . 
this is a very good map of what could possibly be . 
the feds will come right down on you . 
"so ,  the first set of pathologies ,  they end up in the stick man"
"xi saw a strange - looking person ,  and greeted him . "
everyone ' s gonna drive to the fucking real woodstock and be really bummed when they get there . 
" "" as celebrities we can use our star aura and call for more people to join in the charity cause .  i see that people have shown great concern and support for the victims ,  but we as stars would love to inspire more sympathy and care .  "" "
some progress of well logging techniques during the first five years of the new millennium
but chen takes on so much at once that it feels like her strength can’t match her ambition . 
they made it  .  .  .  and it smelled exactly like coumarin . 
would i have seen you in anything ? 
i wanted to see what you ' d do . 
you are thinking what a self  -  centered old horror a .  j .  is . 
she is so not getting a tip . 
"he shrugged his shoulders ,  shook his head ,  cast up his eyes ,  but said nothing . "
"so before you get on your high horse ,  make sure you ' re going to be happy once you ' re up there ; "
to all the incredible creatures that surround us  -  - 
"and you were good with that ,  right ? "
"expensive ,  the weather is passing .   -  it has a thing that flea is good .  .  .  it is in rob cars ! "
we ' il come back live later this morning with an update of these proceedings . 
"with more and more students participating in societies and clubs ,  a stricter management style has emerged . "
but only those animals that actively engage in learning get to keep the new cells . 
what if the ice turns into fire glob of fire in your mouth . 
some physical parameters  ( cdl  -  .  rcl )  and general impedance behaviors were discussed too . 
"it ' s one of those terms like  "" gay republican ""  -  -  you know ,  you just don ' t expect it . "
"denmark has been insulated from europe ' s deepest economic problems because of its low public debt ,  but municipal finances are tight and wages have been under extreme pressure in recent years amid concerns about exports and low productivity . "
quality barrels and remarkable economic benefit were gained from the mould . 
we ' re gonna be at white castle in no time ! 
"considered to be one of the most ambitious projects in the country ' diamond sector ,  the diamond cutting factory was born of a partnership between angola ' s sodiam ,  lld diamonds and an angolan consortium . "
the first was a series of renovations of computer labs . 
and i want to sort of point out the big advantage
"and with your behavior last night and this morning ,  we are now officially worried . "
"oh ,  and scofield ,  just a heads up -  -  don ' t make eye contact with him . "
most of us look down upon some tricks played in some teleplays because they think that those tricks are too fake and easy to be seen through . 
"you ' d see it right away ,  wouldn ' t you ? "
he is a highly skilled kung fu master
but just ask what the molecule  -  -  how should it fold up ? 
the plan will make more than one trillion dollars available for loans to troubled nations . 
" "" avatar ""  director ,  james cameron ,  is in talks with sony pictures to direct a new biopic of the queen of the nile in 3d ,  the daily telegraph of london reported . "
i won ' t have time to run the gang . 
"start sketching a vision for yourself ,  as though you have no limitations on who you can be or what you can do . "
and i know god´s proud of you too . 
"the firm may buy and hold work for one day or 10 years ,  says fine art fund group founder and ceo philip hoffman . "
as far as my dad is concerned . 
"one week in abu dhabi ,  all expenses paid . "
"a new treatment being tried out by a few doctors ,  including dr .  robert levy ,  a neurosurgeon at northwestern memorial hospital ,  involves zapping with electricity certain nerves that innervate the face . "
the same is true if we look at a chinese individual
anything is possible if you just believe . 
"as a night person in his early 20′s with roommates who tend to keep late hours ,  i found early rising problematic . "
scissors jump leap in the air directed at bird ' s wings cut . 
"joaquin ,  the world is a little more complicated than you think . "
"in order to save the great danger the situation ,  in 1906 ,  the qing government started it ' s own political and law system reform at the very heavy pressure . "
there is only one problem with that plan . 
"this paper analyzes cooking accounts causes and ways of listed company accounting , puts forward the correspondent improving measures such as consummating modern enterprise system of our country , building up normal administration structure of company and perfecting internal control counterplot to reduce the serious consequences brought about by cooking accounts . "
he was bullied by the older boys at school . 
the streets are supposed to be about different people coming together . 
"there may be a possible change in your behavior due to work life imbalance .  there is a feeling of frustration .  many women also experience mood swings because of this reason .  when you notice a change of behavior ,  be sure what is causing the same . "
is there anything else we can do to make amends for our mistake ? 
"every time you step outside ,  disaster follows . "
severe showers all over northern connecticut and new hampshire . 
what you should do is you should treat media companies as a business . 
and for the favor to be received .  .  .  into this congregation . 
"get him in a plane ,  he ' s sure of himself . "
"for paul ' s theology ,  justification is something you ' ve experienced ,  but salvation is something you still have to wait on . "
is it all because of the syphilis ? 
the luxurious club floors offer distinguished personalised service and deluxe amenities . 
"men will go there and arrow ,  for the land will be covered with briers and thorns . "
"whether they ' re in a city or rural ,  as to what kinds of projects . "
"results there were the nearly same proliferation curse in groups a ,  b and c :  increasing by logarithm at 2 days and reaching peak value at 4 days . "
"while the uk has an opt - out on parts of the directive relating to working hours ,  there is no exemption on sick pay and holiday . "
"the obscurity was such that he did not fear to accost the first lawyer whom he met .   "" what stage have they reached ,  sir ?  "" "
"it was created by cynthia breazeal ,  who directs the personal robots group at the mit media lab . "
but tarja halonen was the foreign minister of finland
"so all of a sudden ,  these animals are no longer walking into market . "
"now that you ' ve identified what ' s important ,  along with the “perfect day” ,  you need to start saying “no” to things that aren ' t on your important list ,  and that are standing in the way of the perfect day . "
i got it .   / forget about it .   / me and my big mouth .   /  -  one king and two doggy beds .   /  -  and can i have synthetic pillows ? 
" "" zhang ,  i know you ' re very knowledgeable ,  which might win you many offers ,  but i won ' t believe in your ability until you work out this equation ,  ""  said zhang ' s boss ,  handing him a ballistic equation .  until now ,  zhang has been unable to solve the equation . "
she explained that rescuers will first try to prevent additional heat loss . 
a new intelligent multi  -  properties tester of molding sand is introduced in this paper . 
the celtics were interested because they needed another shooter off the bench . 
so we ' ve started to  -  -  we ' ve made another copy of all of this
"coming in from the sun .  ""  if that were true , "
"the dog - kidney cells duly churned out viruses ,  suitable for seeding the process of vaccine manufacture ,  that contained the proteins in question . "
"yes ,  they certainly have moments of elation ,  but it is not an exaggeration to say that most of the time they are in a state of fear ,  anger ,  frustration ,  anxiety ,  disappointment ,  betrayal ,  and regret . "
"more importantly ,  it promises to release hundreds of millions more . "
i ' ve seen guys get sober who were as self - aware as this piece of fruit . 
"harold ,  let me ride up with you . "
"zheng yuantao ,  29 ,  is a freelance translator and writer .  “i used to volunteer a lot for an hiv / aids organization and thus have some contacts in the ngo world , ” said zheng .  “they would give me assignments ,  trusting both my language skills and my understanding of specific terms . ”"
"the thesis is carried on the research to the kinemetics analysis and dynamics analysis and simulation for mobile manipulator ,  supported by a national program 863 item -  -  "" the mobile manipulator system aimed at measurement and maintenance ,  working in the circumstance of chemistry dangerous leakage from the chemistry dangerous reactor ""  ( item serial number :  2003aa421040 )  . "
"watch the leg come around ,  and you ' ll see it grab on right there . "
"testing is by far the number one shortcut taken ,  and in the absence of any other best practice ,  decent testing could usually have caught any resulting disaster before it became public . "
the leggybrunetteappeared to pay barack obama very special attention today as he filmed jay leno ' s tonight show . 
"the elephant population has stabilized at more than 200 ,  officials say ,  though the animals amble through a remote territory that straddles the border with laos ,  making it difficult to count them . "
"and if you ’re an old hand at this ,  what tips would you share ? "
don ' t know how long you ' re gonna be here or when you ' il be back again . 
"and joshua returned ,  and all israel with him ,  unto the camp to gilgal . "
susan eckhart teaches students from first grade through fifth grade . 
if you would have a good wife marry one who has been a good daughter . 
"interviewers are seeking candidates eager to take on challenging projects and jobs .  hesitance and a nay - saying mentality will be asvisible as a red tie and seen as a negative .  practice saying  "" yes ""  to questions about your interest in tasks and work that might normally give you pause . "
"or wish you happy ,  no body hurts you ,  and there arethings ! "
"no ,  he was really nice ,  just really professional . "
not all defence doctrines recognize the existence of justifications of disobedience . 
let us go you give me something of that ! 
their task was to fill in the middle part of the story . 
bracken put the ingredients into a big bowl and beebie stirred . 
" ' they may have a french sale or have a houston sale ,  '  says mr .  seaney . "
" "" love is when a girl puts on perfume and a boy puts on shaving cologne and they go out and smell each other .  ""   .  .  . karl - age 5"
"from a company called dyson ,  in the u . k .  except it was so expensive  -  - "
"sure ,  your friend can ' t sing on key and the bass buttons sticks ,  but the real problem ,  it seems ,  is your drums — terribly off -  beat ,  and out of sync with the rest of the band . "
the next contestant surprised me .  she made 139 jumps in half a minute . 
let ' s get outof here and find some shade . 
i ' m an assistant district attorney for los angeles county . 
a true union of nations joined together in a colossal effort for good . 
are there any friends you have not met for a while ? 
"economics is a vital ingredient in a person ' s financial education .  the world is now a global marketplace ,  and the supply and demand of goods and services operate at that level . "
"at the beginning of the people ' s republic of china  ( prc )  ,  the discord of conflicts behind the sino - soviet alliance made the leader ' s of the chinese communist party  ( ccp )  felt the inequality of the sino - soviet contacts ,  while all of this originated from the drop of national psychology which was caused by the different historical tradition between the ccp and the communist party of the soviet union  ( cpsu )  . "
" "" i am ""  replies the balloonist ,   "" but how did you know ?  "" "
"the contracts are for eight road located on the islands of santo antao ,  fogo and santiago ,  where the archipelago ' s capital ,  praia ,  is located ,  inforpress said . "
"yes ,  we have a reservation .  a double room for two nights .  is that right ? "
"don ' t say you are a procrastinator ;  really ,  it ' s just that the pace of this bloody age is too fast . "
"then we stimulated ,  and you see how that heavy black line"
"i mean ,  you ' d think this is the result of some tabletop experiment , "
"taking off her wedding ring and throwing it to the ground inside the court ,  theenragedbride asked the judge to grant them a divorce . "
"it ' s like the guy who goes to the doctor and says , "
with exquisite craftsmanship and specialized design .  we have created more and more perfect products . 
"now that ' s dangerous ,  to use average data ,  because there is such a lot"
conclusion we treated corticosteroid  -  dependent dermatitis by heparin sodium cream with satisfied effect . 
"these chromosome aberrations are all stable ,  compatible with cell viability . "
besides joint strip gally we you still are met what !  bovine b you tow away ! 
syfl .  comin bigger n stronger for 2013 .  let ' s go .   !  !   -  snoop
"a new optical method of dscm was used to measure the stress - strain relationship and poisson ratio of pp strapping band ,  the creep deformation of paper  ( kraft )  - plastic  ( pe )  composite ,  the side - pressure deformation of f - corrugated board box . "
"through her unique observation of life , profound dissection to the human nature , and psychological in -  depth analysis , she has written a series images of sweethearts and mothers , using an inverted model . "
put it right here on my cell phone . 
after buying a new chain i was faced with the insurmountable task of putting the confusing jigsaw puzzle together again . 
she gave birth ;  i caught the baby ;  i got off the island ; 
"i ' m all done being a cop ,  all right ? "
mrs radford first fell pregnant when she was 14 and she and her then boyfriend decided to keep the child as they had both been given up for adoption . 
financial times :  my question is about chinese government ' s policies on domestic and global environment protection . 
when have you ever seen me dance ? 
"clouds with extremely cool water are mixed with man -  made ice crystals ,  such as silver iodide and metaldehyde crystals . "
"we ' ve heard about your work with the kids and the ex - steel workers , "
i think just wait in here would be good . 
"in october 2010 ,  when smartphones cost hundreds of dollars unless buyers signed up for expensive ,  two - year service deals ,  huawei introduced the ascend at cricket for  $ 150 without a contract ,  and undercut cricket ' s existing smartphone offering by  $ 100 .  two months later ,  the ascend came to metropcs and became the cheapest smartphone there ,  too .  subsequent huawei models released in 2011 ,  like the m835 at metropcs ,  took the price below  $ 100 . "
"despite his hall of fame career ,  terry ' s memories of his playing days have been irretrievably lost toamnesia . "
"i mean ,  i think with the ballooning and boating expeditions we ' ve done in the past . "
study on reproductive ecology of kobresia pygmaea population in alpine meadow
that could become as powerful as our credit rating . 
"fat ,  thin ,  tall ,  short are also words of uncertainty . "
dauber :  do you earn a living as a film  -  maker ? 
even that is not the only use of string analysis . 
rich kids do drugs just like poor kids . 
explosives and ordnances are part of basic training . 
"we might say the latest movie by tom cruise bombed or that new song by jennifer lopez bombed， it did not do very well ,  it was not very popular . "
i took an architectural rule about function and form
"when we connect you to this ,  you ' il be on the hook for trudy perez ' s death . "
"authorities took steps toward punishing the company ,  freezing baoyuanfeng poultry ' s bank account and detaining its chairman ,  jia yushan ,  and its general manager ,  zhang yushen ,  as part of the criminal investigation ,  according to xinhua . "
"she love my tattoos ain ' t got no room for her name ,  but imma make room"
this one has spent very little time in court . 
"you know ,  radio is a great thing .  here i am ! "
the content of the letter from mr .  kim to mr .  xi was not stated . 
two day ' s abstinence had set it burning in fury . 
"so ,  we need something different ,  we need a different kind of solution . "
"raise your hand ,  if you have ever been at eastside skateboard park . "
it must an event that can be filmed and seen and heard . 
these are physical changes while those are chemical changes . 
our international development correspondent mark doyle who was based in abidjan for many years has this report . 
so we came up with this protocell model here
i can ' t allow myself to be distracted by minor problems in my life while studying . i must withstand hardships . 
"maputo ,  mozambique ,  7 april–mozambican oil company oilmoz limitada over the next two years plans to build an oil refinery in mozambique at a total investment of us $ 8 billion ,  a company official said friday in maputo . "
the federal aviation administration has determined only that the object was not an aircraft . 
" "" do you think the less - fortunate are having better sex ?  "" "
"he doesn ' t hold out much hope for that ,  either . "
why are you groveling in the dust ?  have you lost something ? 
" ' peter would not seek publicity for something like this and would actively avoid it in fact ,  '  his spokesman matt dravitzki told the new zealand herald . "
"the hallmark of his reporting - which was to be vital to the guardian in future years -  was that most of it was coolly and carefully descriptive :  it conveyed to an impartial ,  dispassionate reader that an atrocity had occurred . "
i thought i had him unless i .  .  . 
our target age range is at the elementary or primary level between ages three to twelve . 
"a mentor business analyst ,  working in a part  - time role on the simulation to act as the customer to the developers ,  as well as to coach inductee ba ' s if they exist . "
" "" the great source of both the misery and disorders of human life"
"and then ,  after practicing what they had taught us during the sexual revolution in which sexual mores were loose and women were often compliant ,  we suddenly had to change .  women were suddenly demanding not only equality in the workplace but in the intimate spheres of romance and social life .  suddenly we were supposed to do the dishes and cook .  we had not been taught even these elementary tasks of domestic maintenance !  we were taught that there would always be women to do it !  how crazy is that ?  and yet it ' s true .  there were degrees ,  of course .  some families were less sexist and more sensible than others .  but for many ,  many men ,  this much was true : "
"the kids kind of like it at the lake ,  and i want to go to the mountains . "
you kids ready to come in for dinner ? 
while the internet retail company amazon is experimenting with drones for package deliveries . 
sometimes i really think it was all me . 
"well ,  maybe he ' s lost track of time . "
"the president ,  in giving to his most powerful and most distinguished rival the greatest place which a president has in his power to bestow ,  gave an excellent proof of the nobleness of his own spirit . "
you ' re on a plane to los angeles . 
you have to come up with some rules or there is going to be some fights . 
why may fan bing bing and tong da wei perform such tv ? 
"mr .  bullen takes her hands .  his shoulder is there– just by her head .  she leans on it ever so little ,  her cheek against the springy tweed . "
"shortly before this he had quit as chairman of zurich ,  a swiss insurer ,  whose chief financial officer had committed suicide ,  leaving a note berating mr ackermann . "
the ample evidence presented enables us to reasonably conclude that the scourge of aids will be brought under control in the foreseeable future . 
"at the same time the two governments agreed to work together on various activities ,  with a view to the materialisation of the mpanda nkua hydroelectric project by ,  amongst other things ,  promoting investments in projects that require intensive electricity use . "
"the platform bed  -  head physician hand ,  ac  -  020 for the optional accessories to increase doctors surgery ,  hand the stability and reduce fatigue . "
i ' il give you all my gifts instead . 
our investigator seems to know his subject . 
"one day he eats branny hind go out ,  aboard encounters old old official ,  big old guan zheng is having a meal ,  accost idle chinese eat together . "
strip everything out of this plane you don ' t need now ! 
"mitt romney :   "" talking to small employers and big employers ,  i hear day in and day out they feel this administration sees them as their enemy . "
the requirement to translate a problem into the sort of mathematics that a gpu can digest adds another barrier . 
an elder educator is due to lecture at 3 tomorrow afternoon . 
don ' t worry about the impact of greenhouse gas emission total amount restriction law  -  making on industry investments . 
"now cvc is waiting to see whether mr ecclestone will be charged in connection with the case involving the german banker ,  gerhard gribkowsky . "
the lessons of the classics carry as much weight as ever . 
fg :  people on the street came and knocked on the door
"and it frees up time for the simulations ,  for the games , "
"6i call on you ,  o god ,  for you will answer me ;  give ear to me and hear my prayer . "
"so ,  what i want you to think about for a few minutes"
"to go to africa ,  film lions ,  civilisations ,  villages ,  anything . "
"we ' il discuss that later ,  after this weekend ,  greg . "
i spent a year traveling in the usa and by the end i had come to like diner coffee . 
so storytelling has been a really strong influence in my work . 
the danger will come only if americans believe they can put their global responsibilities on hold while they set their own house in order . 
"but as the national screening of chongqing blues approaches ,  the producers have something to worry about .  “even though it is going into international cinemas ,  i’m not so sure about its domestic box - office reception , ” han said . "
"and it changes the way we think about what is doable , "
"it is still just you and i ,  right ? "
"in a statement released tuesday ,  bcp said it has finalized sale of its stakes in banco comercial de macau ( 100 percent )  ,  companhia de seguros de macau ( 96 percent )  and companhia de seguros de macau ( 96 percent )  to the hong kong group . "
traditional jazz is still alive and kicking in new orleans . 
"we have some more aerodynamic improvements to do in malaysia ,  which hopefully will further improve performance . "
"you ' re late ,  you ' re late you ' re late ,  you ' re late"
"top officials in the indian state ,  maharashtra ,  are becoming political causalities of last week ' s terror attack .  the 60 - hour assault on mumbai ,  blamed on islamic militants ,  killed an estimated 175 people ,  including at least 18 foreigners . "
lee eun joo is one of korea ' s most talented actresses . 
"liang first dealt in the stock market at the tender age of 14 when the market slumped sharply in 2004 .  his father ,  who runs a steel trading company in guangzhou ,  was his first investing mentor .  liang ' s initial capital was the 70 , 000 - yuan  "" lucky money ""  that he had saved over the years . "
"as for an oxidized wine  ( one that is flawed or flat due to excessive exposure to air )  ,  it ' s better served really cold ,  as a high - profile new york sommelier who preferred to remain anonymous ,  knows . "
"my father is a cripple , my mother in poor health . "
" "" in the morning ,  i went to breakfast at the alpine inn ,  "" "
"a decorative upright trimming or molding along the edge of a table top ,  tray ,  or shelf . "
the commission ' s president fuwad thowfeek and his deputy have been stripped of their membership of the body . 
"angola exported 94 million barrels of oil to china in the first half of the year ,  or 18 . 2 percent of total chinese oil imports ,  according to figures from china ' s customs . "
"very easily ,  and not feel very shy about it . "
his second book turned out to be a runaway best - seller . 
"mr langoo and friend laura canning ,  19 ,  had popped into the colchester ,  essex branch of the fast food restaurant  -  known for its  ' finger lickin '  good '  slogan  -  for lunch between classes . "
and i really re - focused most of my research in that direction . 
"however ,  the tremendous growth in the amount and variety of available information poses some austere challenges to recommendation systems ,  the problems of cold - start ,  sparsity and scalability in collaborative filtering recommendation are in dire need to be solved . "
yoga ' s good for picking up the ladies too . 
flexo printing machine to a narrow band as the lead unit  -  type . 
we couldn ' t bring one here to fly it and show you . 
the first benefit of compassion is that it creates highly effective business leaders . 
so it would be somethin '  that you ' d remember forever . 
exposed to gamma radiation of any kind ? 
what on earth are you trying to say ? 
"well ,  just look at the bright side . "
"clerical workers still account for 16 per cent of us jobs ,  and technology is likely to keep on eliminating them . "
i was just so sure i was right to keep you out of gracie ' s life . 
answer 12 :  appointment is needed for the aptitude test .  it consists of a written test and a oral test .  it takes around 30  -  40 minutes . 
is the paint bomb in with the money ? 
"the who also says children with severe acute malnutrition should be tested  -  -  and ,  if necessary ,  treated  -  -  for hiv ,  the cause of aids . "
conclusion :  the new antirefluxing conduit can prevent ascending cholangitis after the biliaryenterostomy . 
although i did all the hard work . 
"the regulations also require that companies ' salary payments are up to date ,  that they have no tax debts and that their social security contributions are up to date . "
dr corral suspects that extending cracking into the third dimension dissipates the energy faster and stops the fault spreading . 
"and you have the oecd there ,  and you have sub - saharan africa there , "
"guys ,  we ' re just gonna get out of here . "
"v .  s .  naipaul was born into an indian brahmin family in trinidad ,  the west indies . "
"that ' s my offer ,  take it or leave it"
fym is the first chinese motorcycle manufacturer to sell its products in brazil . 
"lf that ' s true ,  what are our options ? "
"transparent special glue for thumb actuate glue guns .  sticking on wood ,  leather ,  fabrics ,  cork ,  plastic materials ,  faience ,  cardboard…"
i hope i never see you again . 
but the father is ultimately all alone . 
"no ,  pull the car up your ass and wait there . "
"did you come to london for the purpose of seeing your family ,  or for business purposes ? "
"the important thing is not so much the actual population of the world ,  but its rate of increase . "
"therefore ,  these are things you cannot understand"
yuan ' s rice was exported to other countries as pakistan and the philippines . 
"no ,  i hate to tell you ,  but i ' m out . "
"grandma said ,  if you let go of your favorite things ,  and throw them all into the  "" sea of bitterness ""  when you have filled it up ,  you ' il be able to see your loved ones . "
"the aim of the strategy is the vertical integration of the cotton ,  textile and clothing sectors ,  based ion increasing cotton production ,  improving the business climate and market as well as the supply of electricity in order to attract investors . "
have you looked ahead to what you ' ll be doing in five years '  time ?  . 
"i love someone very much ,   ( sara sobs ) "
rockets ' play - off hopes to reach dim after defeat by blazers
i need a download to hot - wire a motorcycle . 
"and figure out what to do with the internet and with computers , "
neil :  that ' s right .  i ' m bending over backwards – or trying to . 
"in time ,  those who could stand on two feet indefinitely beat out those who could only do it temporarily . "
"it was rampant in the life of jobs ,  and at his death it achieved a kind of apogee . "
he knows what the fuck is up with that ship . 
"would i recommend it for hard core gamers ,  no ,  not really . "
"well ,  that ' s what the neighbors always say about serial killers . "
"unless you are really ,  really famous ,  no one is getting a thrill out of viewing your entry . "
he did everything within his power to compass his ends . 
"at this ,  guo ' s passenger chuckled and said ,   "" you are the first one to ever recognize me .  "" "
"huiyuan ancient city bells and drums tower at yining area ,  xinjiang china . "
"however ,  if you wish to continue to do so ,  i must ask you to do one thing . "
but he knew the ancient ones were there for him .  .  .  so he called out to them to lift him up and give him strength . 
"but what atrazine does is it turns on an enzyme , "
"the reactionaries will never ,  of their own accord ,  step down from the stage of history . "
difficulties in raising money have set back our building program . 
"drawn or blown glass ,  opacified ,  in sheets ,  whether or not cut to shape"
"ibrahim unveiled his second annual index at a news conference in addis ababa .  he was joined by several board members of the mo ibrahim foundation .  among them were mary robinson ,  the former president of ireland and u . n .  human rights chief ,  as well as salim ahmed salim ,  the former head of the organization of african unity and former prime minister of tanzania . "
the detention time in the intestine is too short to complete hydrolysis . 
after he called a press conference he was . 
"the lost symbol is more like the experience on any roller coaster :  thrilling ,  entertaining ,  then it ' s over . "
there is an irony in this .  most readers of mr kahneman ' s bestseller will end up mistrusting system one for its propensity to mislead . 
"getting paid to play video games may sound too good to be true .  but newbee ,  a team of five professional gamers ,  has proven it is possible .  they won the dota 2 world championship at the international  *  tournament in seattle ,  us ,  on july 21 ,  taking home a  $ 5 million  ( 31 . 2 million yuan )  prize . "
first things is we see something must be happening when
but i ' m surprised you let him bring her . 
"many  -  -  even scientists  -  -  assume a linear model , "
1the p  -  51 mustang airplane approaches the ground moments before crashing during an air show in reno . 
"the year after it ' s  $ 100 ,  give or take a year . "
"in 2004 ,  the annual inflation rate for macau was 1 percent ,  according to official figures . "
you are about to open a file thata non  -  standard extension . 
why would i help the crime lab ? 
the results can be applied to psychological selection and training of air traffic controller . 
"in 2007 ,  portugal ' s involvement in this project will have an estimated cost of 250 , 000 euros ,  a figure which could change depending on the capacity to absorb the available funds ,  or the addition of new areas . "
and became at that point the farthest robotic outpost
"when i go to bed ,  half the time i’m not really sleeping .  i’m usually just lying there playing my phone . "
the glands in the ear canal that produce the wax make too much in some people . 
"success ,  that gives you many enemies but they didn ' t shoot you ,  what will you make now ?  to who you killed ? "
somehow she had managed to open a box of cookies and there she sat eating them all . 
"it means that you can’t always have a choice about what your options are ,  especially if you have a difficult situation . "
she loves me she loves my thighs
what ' s going on in the room right now is that people are double - checking .  .  .  the fastest finishers this morning . 
"to my surprise ,  only one person agreed to an interview . "
"but simon ' s wife ' s mother lay sick of a fever ,  and anon they tell him of her . "
the desert raider is an israeli  -  designed fast attack vehicle . 
the engineer accelerates a train by turning on more power . 
the two major u . s .  parties  -  -  the democrats and the republicans  -  -  work to expand their size and influence through voter registration . 
"well ,  you ' re not going to die out here ,  bro . "
that ' s one of our bluefin at the monterey bay aquarium . 
"you ' re gonna see a bright light ,  okay ? "
"in november 2008 ,  police suspect that harris - moore hot - wired a cessna that belonged to a local radio dj — he ' d ordered a flying manual on the internet — and crash - landed it 300 miles  ( about 480 km )  east on an indian reservation . "
let ' s you and me go for a little walk . 
"there was a scout from america there today ,  and he ' s offered me a place at a top university with a free scholarship and a chance to play football professionally ,  and i really want to go ,  and if i can ' t tell you what i want now ,  then i ' il never be happy ,  whatever i do . "
"like many managers there ,  he worked at a walgreens store in his neighborhood over the holidays in 2011 . "
but here she had been living in a nunnery for the last seven years . 
they had mysteriously found their way there from the wine cellar ! 
he spoke long and earnestly until the baboon began to pay attention . 
and i want to know how that business model that you showed me
"biden has met with a broad spectrum of interested parties in the gun - control debate ,  including gun rights advocates .  far from restricting access to firearms ,  the national rifle association urges a greater armed presence in america’s schools . "
"tsvangirai ' s movement for democratic change has been warning that voters have been told that if they fail to vote and ,  in many cases ,  vote for mr .  mugabe ,  they will be subjected to violence . "
sundance watersports at hawks cay  ( www .  hawkscay .  com )  offers a 90 minute jetlev session for  $ 350 .  for more information on the area see www .  fla - keys .  co .  uk
"troy ,  could you show edward what ' s written on that piece of paper ? "
"after years of progressive 17 ) hearing loss ,  by age 46 german composer ludwig van beethoven had become completely deaf .  nevertheless ,  he wrote his greatest music—including five symphonies—during his later years . "
"yeah ,  it ' s in back of me . "
un observers in syria found tank shells at the scene and said many injuries were caused by shrapnel and gunfire at point - blank range . 
to learn how to perfect how to make that abalone shell . 
the role of the new earth army is to resolve conflict world - wide . 
"he is a bluffer ,  and a screwball ,  a kind of freak . "
we shall not allow a new bourgeoisie to come into being . 
the russian president valdmir putin has said that he will respect the outcome of sunday’s presidential election in ukraine . 
my nephew has stayed just to see this through . 
"and she grazes it off reyes '  shoulder ,  and that is it . "
is that the first thing we see coming out of the sea floor
"yeah ,  and this guy here is not like other dogs . "
"his main part is the ghost ,  but he doubles as fortinbras . "
"“buying worthless equity in a bank for a billion or two .  that is not going to go very far here , ” said one banker . "
the capability of the nanostructure cermet coating and principle of plasma spraying are introduced in detail . 
in which the buddha appears at the beginning and a whole bunch of people
"samuel clemens ,  who was known as mark twain ,  became a famous american writer . "
"i was counting on my mom for a ride ,  but she ' s not here . "
this morning it took a horseand three men . 
no amount of sophistry can justify one country ' s intervention in the internal affairs of another country . 
the statement comes amid reports the communist country maybe preparing for a second test . 
"but you know me ,  i ' m not a reactionary . "
now i know it can be pretty useful . 
managing all our activities with in the time available to us is a very high responsibility . 
"but we ' re gonna catch this guy ,  we will . "
a sample of the improved quality has been sent to you by airmail for your examination . 
"do not use potentially offensive material involving porn ,  religious material ,  animal  /  human cruelty or ideologically charged images .  mods have wide discretion on what is acceptable .  if in doupm one . "
the country is heavily dependent on its exports of agricultural commodities . 
the content model provides basic workflow functionality composed of processes and defined tasks within a process . 
china has warned vietnam to withdraw its ships from disputed waters after vessels from the two sides collided during a tense confrontation . 
i pulled out those apples to remind myself to tell you that
"according to abdula ,  during their stay in germany ,  the delegates will take part in business conferences in cities such as berlin and stuttgart ,  as well as contact meetings . "
colours like red convey a sense of energy and strength . 
the preceding paragraphs were concerned with inter  -  source offsets . 
her father will never approve of her marriage to tom . 
"live in spite of much disappointed ,  don ' t let oneself lose a beautiful mind . "
there was a moment last night when she was between the finnish dwarves and the maori tribesmen .  .  . 
"hanover ,  germany ,  15 june–germany decided to increase its credit line for companies exporting to angola from us $ 100 million to us $ 150 million ,  officials said . "
"it is anticipated near new 4  -  year medical reform ,  we will have officially entered the implementation phase . "
"my friends at work found it , my sister found it . "
the service sector is almost nonexistent and it is proving fiendishly hard to boost consumption directly . 
they were called love apples and were supposed to make people who ate them fall in love . 
i ' m not able to follow a line of text in a book . 
"kenny ,  take a look at 26 across . "
"and richard meier ,  who was one of my teachers , "
the monetary unit in the us is the dollar . 
"and ,  of course ,  you have infamous pollution in some chinese cities . "
they ' ve been around just as long and gone through
it was the worst result ever for the cdu in the state . 
a lot of grease comes out of a duck when it is being cooked . 
i read that in one of these . 
"farmers in southwest england do not agree that these creatures are so benign ,  and many sceptics believe the beast of bodmin is ,  if anything ,  an escaped foreign cat . "
"a mastectomy by itself would result in a concave chest front ,  no niles ,  and obtrusive scars . "
"this in no way suggests she cannot go alone ,  or that you alone can protect her . "
"dear annie :  i will be a senior in the fall and just started a summer internship at a major financial services company ,  and something has come up that seems strange to me .  a manager in the human resources department called me into her office and gave me a document to sign that said  ( among other things )  that my relationship with my boyfriend is ""  voluntary .   "" "
"if you plan your shopping just a wee bit in advance of winter ,  you can save lots of money . "
depending upon certain conditions there may ornot may f ree elect rons in semi  -  conductors . 
that  ' s the iast thing i want . 
"there ' s another reason why we don ' t have a good brain theory , "
india has opened a bank to provide special services to women . 
what are you doing in my park ? 
she wouldn ' t even let me tell you . 
the cbcde president ' s statements were made during a speech at the cbcde to present macau to the brazilians . 
"so i ' d reckon you to first take pro active steps and then proceed with any kind of hacking because it is illegal ,  it is more like stealing someone else ' s property without even letting him know . "
"the slower we move ,  the faster we die . "
"if we look only at the lfgv loan category ,  and generously assume that all of the new bad debt provisions applied to lgfv loans ,  the results are striking . "
"despite the growth of availability of fish products on the domestic market ,  the country has yet to achieve the recommendations of the world trade organisation ( wto )  ,  according to which each mozambican should consume 20 kilogrammes of fish resources per years ,  as compared to a current 5 kilogrammes . "
"the flow manner of the condensate includes mainly three styles :  schlep by gas ,  crawl along pore wall and plug flow . "
i gave this talk at facebook not so long ago
"what ' s the trend in the united states ?   "" overall ,  u . s .  cities either remained stable in the ranking or have slightly decreased due to the movement of the u . s .  dollar against the majority of currencies worldwide ,  ""  explains mercer ' s steven nurney .  however ,  that may change as real estate prices rise nationwide .  new york is the nation ' s most expensive place to station expats . "
the reason for this tremendous consolidation is not hard to find . 
audience member :  how far along are we in being able to determine
"he doesn ' t deliberately mislead ,  but i think what he says should be received with a grain of salt . "
"as the volume of business concluded by you is not big enough ,  we won ' t consider the question of agency . "
maybe you could name .  .  .  one of the characters after me . 
"it is equipped with air  -  conditioners ,  control system ,  background music ,  tv receiving ,  broadband internet and vod system . "
i generally feel like i ' ve won a moral victory when something refuses to wear out . 
the workers raised a great hue and cry against the new rule . 
a new scheme for quadtree code is proposed in this thesis . 
it ' s kind of hard to think when you ' re in our face like -  - 
this view of the determinants of consumption was detailed in the general theory by keynes . 
the north polar ice cap is the same size geographically  -  - 
distribution according to work is socialist economy allocates a principle basically mediumly . 
guys need attention and care but at the same time they need their space . 
i expect you to act like one . 
"even as computerised weapons systems and wired infantry have blown away some of the fog of war from the battlefield ,  they have covered cyberspace in a thick ,  menacing blanket of uncertainty . "
"on an individual patient basis ,  initial treatment decisions should be based on clinical assessment and knowledge about the presence of the virus in the community . "
all my life i ' ve awaited your coming and dreaded it . 
"dee :  never mind ,  why don ' t you try learning the drums ?  then being tone - deaf shouldn ' t matter . "
in that crash the train was approaching a sharp turn . 
mccain has the luxury of having his nomination battle wrapped up .  that is not the case for obama and clinton as they look ahead to the pennsylvania primary on april 22 . 
he got a nice condo in boca . 
"this is due to the child desperately wanting his / her mother ,  knowing that this is the person who would always want to be there for them ,  and the mothers deep desire to protect her child from harm．"
"certainly ,  sir .  is there anything valuable or breakable in the package ? "
"at a signal from a smartphone ,  a system of tiny computers activates her engine ,  gearbox and steering—and she reverses smoothly into a parking space . "
"the jewels were insured with hill company ,  who had always proved very trustworthy . "
"nice to meet you ,  bryan mills . "
"so ,  at this time ,  i ' d like to tell you the words inscribed"
he was demoted to the rank of ordinary soldier . 
i want him discounted from this investigation immediately . 
"and even with global warming  -  -  if you can see these blue lines , "
his phrasing of the questions are clinical . 
"because gravity causes stars to form and live for a very long time , "
i let the situation get outta hand . 
"qualifications :  • bachelor ' s degree • 7 years of customer service experience • 3 years of outside sales experience • fluent in spanish • 6 years of healthcare experience ,  etc .  .  . "
"the ministry of public security of prc put forward the strategy to carry out community policing in the national meeting of police stations in hangzhou ,  which will play a guidance role in theory ,  strategy ,  the practical work of basic - level police stations ,  and maintain a steady society . "
"the hallow tomato stuffed with mango paste ,  cuttlefish ,  shrimp ,  crabmeat ,  octopus ,  and fish slices . "
"i just want you to know that i ' m sorry ,  and i just -  - "
"also wednesday ,  an exiled leader of the islamic militant group hamas ruled out a prisoner exchange with israel . "
" ' the people who set up barbecue stands work from dawn to dusk just trying to fill their stomachs ,  and the city administration officers come in swat them down like rats ,  '  wrote one user of the twitter - like microblogging service sina weibo .   ' why don ' t they go after car exhaust or industrial pollution ?  ' "
"so these 99 stones ,  a few kind of rules in the game : "
"from the south in deraa ,  where the protests first gained momentum ,  to the east in deir al - zour ,  this is a revolt of the neglected countryside .  it is also a revolt of long - persecuted cities such as hama and down - and - out suburbs in damascus and homs -  -  neighborhoods that many of the migrants from the countryside call home . "
only 45 years ago elliott jaques thought that the midlife crisis started around age 35 . 
"i bet it all on you ,  bro ! "
so it ' s just a question of waiting for the next one
you ' il be towing cars for the rest of your life and you ' ii have a midget son like you ! 
don ' t sneak up on people like that ! 
i need a name and all known criminal associates . 
"these may sound like the attributes of a boy scout ,  but they are basic values that all professionals should follow . "
maradona has the luxury of choosing between some of the world ' s best forwards . 
have you ever been to the engineering level ? 
"72 .  often very annoying weeds ,  goldenrods crowd out less hardy plants and act as hosts to many insect pests . "
"perhaps before i suffer ,  experiencing setbacks ,  are encountered in today with jun  -  pyo . "
"twenty recruiters sit at fold - up tables by a canal that separates two rows of shoe and handbag factories in dongguan .  hoardings tout monthly wages of rmb1 ,  800 to rmb2 ,  800  (  $ 445 )  at a shoe factory and more at a technology company – but the alfresco jobs fair lacks one thing :  workers . "
"referring to current civil law in effect in china ,  usinglegislation in other civil countries as examples ,  thisdissertation begins from the basic theory of civil law andprobes into the nature of lien by analyzing basic types ofcivil rights . "
"to start with ,  he took a bold step in making a high - budget epic in black and white ,  which was commercially risky but added a great deal of gravitas . "
"oh ,  well ,  it ' s just a .  .  .  splash of old spice . "
has mrs .  baxter come back here ?  la signora ? 
"i think it ' s just the qualities you look for might be a little different ,  but it doesn ' t mean when you are 25 ,  you don ' t still feel antagonistic to the rest of your peers . "
even this gun has his name engraved on it . 
"the soft incentive is the aura and prestige that media and family and friends  "" create ""  around a profession . "
and it will be determined more by economies ' performances than by grand intellectual redesigns . 
"the remainder of the funds will support bilateral capacity - building programs with other southeast asian countries , "
"if that ' s really true ,  then that ' s cool ,  you ' re speakingauthentically . "
"applying makeup ,  using cosmetics and going to the salon for beauty treatments can ensure only a limited amount of beauty on your face . "
and never give up on a dream just because of the time that ' s required to accomplish it . 
wasn ' t it also decided that people have the right
"the angolan government has also awarded a contact to odebrecht of brazil worth around us $  300 million to modernize basic infrastructures in the cities of sumbe ,  porto amboim and gabela in kwanza sul . "
"in fact ,  the farewell dinner that liu pengfei turned up for was a success for this very reason ,  even though half the class didn ' t show . "
the insurance rate for such kink of risk will vary according to the kind . 
me promises that you are appropriate well on them . 
"when you ' re at your most vulnerable ,  somehow they could just smell it . "
why assign the shift to this week in particular ? 
there ' s an exposed wire under this device . 
people think this is a magical thing .  how does it happen ? 
and for the way like they come you . 
"i ' ve done good by you ,  haven ' t i ? "
you ' re built to save people more than the rest of us . 
and in blackpool  -  -  famous for its beaches and leisure . 
"for ten years ,  that hatred has never died"
"this is still a clandestine agency ,  no ? "
"tourism authorities hope that positive reports from travelers about their experiences in japan will help ease international worries about visiting the country ,  the newspaper said . "
"there were no military bands ,  no massed crowds lining the streets ,  and none of the pomp and ceremony that will accompany her funeral today . "
"or you look inside if you are very flexible ,  inside yourself . "
maybe it ' s a good thing that they ' re here . 
"oh ,  cool .  i can get to this place over here ,  right ? "
what do you do to save money on a daily basis ? 
"when you knock off work ,  you ' ll be just in time to catch that bus . "
"the remaining people are martinho da vila ( brazilian musician )  ,  ant ónio dias fran ça van - dunen ( former angolan prime minister )  ,  gustavo da concei ção ( president of the angolan olympic committee )  and albertino bragan ça ( academic and politician from sao tome and principe )  . "
"the term  "" quality of life ""  is difficult to define . "
"i promise you ,  if i can ,  i wiil . "
we will have more money to spend after we pay off our mortgage . 
"now ,  a weekend in paris ,  a weekend in rome ,  these are different things ; "
"but i wouldn ' tknow ,  because i wasn ' t there . "
arab traders brought islam to the region a thousand years ago . 
"secondly  , there is nothing can get at once  , learning languages are the hard  - work we will get the skill day by day  , not just one day  , or one year . "
"and he said ,   "" the continent is sleepwalking into oblivion .  "" "
that you could only do in paris . 
their top players told the german fans '  website the rituals they need to experience before running out to represent their country . 
this strategy works in the lab but would not go over well in an office . 
"“it might sound a bit corny but my other mentor is evan williams ,  my twitter co - founder .  we’re very different .  he’s patient and takes a long view .  he never shoots down my outlandish statements .  he gets to the core of a problem by looking at things from various angles . ”"
they will arrange a professional beautician according to your request . 
there ' s three people that are tied for first place . 
"the four americans killed in the attack included ambassador christopher stephens ,  in what was the first murder of a u . s .  ambassador since 1988 . "
" "" the definition of insanity is doing the same thing over and over again and expecting a different result .  ""  you may recognize this brilliant quote from genius physicist albert einstein . "
"after seeing how inhumanely these chickens ,  ducks ,  cows ,  lambs and pigs are treated ,  anyone with an ounce of compassion would realize that these selfish actions desecrate life itself .  using these unnatural methods for the purpose of human enjoyment would only push mankind towards the brink of destruction step by step . "
"do you think this sort of thing could really attract a student to the school ?  "" "
and then we have two parameters which we were not able to quantify  -  - 
we ' ve got all sorts of new ideas and development . 
"for those who choose longer hair ,  a structured bob with flip out ends is best . "
"no ,  that ' s not one of the other predictions of string theory . "
i’m not technically breaking any of his rules . 
one of the many ways that users shaped the evolution of twitter
"dr zuwanie won ' t cancel his speech ,  you know . "
"but that ' s okay .  we will still stay married ,  i think . "
researchers now report just such a discovery :  the joint of a beetle leg that turns inward and outward like a screw . 
"i feel so badly for the family of the two firefighters that were lost and , "
"there were two sundays in between .  but of course ,  sundays are church days , "
the opposition candidate in the forthcoming presidential election blamed the explosion on the inefficiency of the government of president hugo chavez . 
who single handedly destroyed the green - eyed man ' s under sea labs ? 
maybe i don ' t want to know what that reason is . 
"i let her down ,  and for that .  .  . "
"now ,  darwin ,  we need to find out how saber plans to use this technology . "
"athima chansanchai ,  a freelance journalist who writes about social media ,  said facebook over the years has played a role in both creating relationships and destroying them . "
"hey ,  put your tie back in your pants . "
"but secularism ,  and a long - term backlash against the catholic authoritarianism of the past ,  is on the march :  2009 was the year when town -  hall weddings finally overtook those in church . "
"is that what you did ,  you bastard ? "
"the uncertainty itself can lead to jealousy ,  anger or sadness .  the more uncertainty there is ,  the more each woman is likely to keep the other at arm ' s length .  this can destabilize the marriage :  when his mother and his wife are battling ,  a man ' s self - preservation instinct tells him to hide . "
"haw didn ' t mean to be rude to his friend ,  but he had to laugh at how silly they both looked . "
the land is flat and marshy before rising to a spine of low hills . 
"i have no such authority ,  and therefore shouldn ' t exert myself"
which is just about the size of a comma in a sentence . 
"and in fact are speaking their ,  you know ,  various and different languages . "
"actually ,  it ' s nothing to do with the father . "
"forest vegetation can ameliorate obviously eco environment ,  prevent land deterioration ,  improve the content of soil organic matter and available n ,  k ,  and drop soil ph and bulk density ,  add remarkably the quantity of water aggregate (  > 0 . 25 mm )  and micro aggregate (  > 50 μm )  of soil ,  which can make soil construction better ,  improve the capacity of providing nutrient and water ,  enhance the formation of clay and more solidity ,  increase soil anti erodibility and anti scourability and decrease effectively soil and water loss . "
"do you promise to jump ,  jive ,  wail ,  groove ,  rock steady ,  and lend a helping hand to your fellow music lovers ? "
"however ,  the marine environmental watchdog could still find itself at a disadvantage .  one issue is the existing lack of severe penalties for causing environmental pollution . "
"presiding at the mosque was jalaluddin saghir ,  a member of parliament and a member of the political party known as sciri ,  the supreme council of the islamic revolution of iraq ,  one of the largest shiite political blocs in iraq . "
the whole shipment of cattle made the grade as prime beef . 
"this study follows another recent study on building a hydroelectric dam at alto malema ,  in nampula province in the north of mozambique . "
he saw nests in the canopy at one of our canopy confluences
"thank you so much everyone from ted ,  and chris and amy in particular . "
"montessori talked about the nurturing of child ' s discipline in her educational books , which present us not only a brand - new view of discipline that discipline is constructed via freedom ( which well transcend the limitation of the traditionalist ' s disciplinary education view that discipline and freedom contradict each other ) but also practical examples on how to develop child ' s good - conducts as well as the developing stages . "
"russ says ,  “don’t be like that , ” to his sister . "
"in mulch treatments pn showed a two - peak diurnal changes curve ,  falling at noon ,  and the two peaks appeared at 11h and 15h respectively ; "
"i mean ,  you haven ' t slept all night . "
"he mostly hid his godhead in those years ,  but found it frustrating ,  and was glad at 14 to be able to reveal  ( after a scorpion sting had put him into a trance )  that his previous body had been that of a 19th - century saint called shirdi sai baba ,  whose statue ,  in marble ,  he placed beside his own in his temples ,  and whose fresh photograph ,  in several copies ,  he would often produce out of the sands of the chitravathi river . "
"the relationship between cooking conditions  ( amount of cooking liquor ,  buffer , aq additive ; maximium temperature and time for cooking ;  ratio of wood to liquor )  , pulp properties  ( kappa number , percentage of screening and pulp yield )  and paper strength has been investigated . "
cheered when any of the 80 olympic teams was in the street . 
"this material cannot withstand high stresses ,  neither can it bear high temperature . "
"it is ,  in short ,  about putting in place a credible long - term tightening that responds to recovery automatically . "
"in fact ,  the group is warning that too much time in front of the television can in fact slow language development in children . "
his death took place in the same paris tunnel where princess diana died in 1997 . 
"admire a head to lean after turning a few rounds on his boss chair ,  gates begins to keep calling ,  he wants to find a job for oneself at once . "
"when asked in 2009 to write an article about his favourite museum for intelligent life ,  our sister magazine ,  he instantly offered to return to the museum of anthropology in xalapa ,  the state capital ,  with its colossal olmec stone heads and laughing figurines ,  the union of the sacred and the human . "
"now ,  einstein does say it best when we ask her . "
"the slinky moves .  we ' re going through different nodes of the wave , "
"hey ,  why don ' t we all sing lily a sleep tight song ? "
chemical changes in the starch inside the loaf cause it to lose water . 
"but that being said ,  you see that this has"
the great man is said to have been born in a crude hut . 
"this is dead easy to make and tastes like christmas in a glass .  it ' s a lovely celebration of those traditional festive spices like cloves ,  cinnamon and nutmeg .  if you ' ve got your own favourite spices ,  then feel free to add those to the pot too .  let everything cook away and warm up gently so the flavours have time to mingle with the wine .  i like to leave my mulled wine ticking over on a really low heat and just ladle some into glasses as and when guests pop in . "
"don ' t do this to me ,  lili . "
"an absolutely seamless use of props integrated into choreography ,  that is both physically impressive and artistically moving . "
"jeremy :  neither do i .  but ,  i will fill you in on something i discovered .  hiking is walking . "
"lead author dr .  katherine gold said while it’s a condition well understood in the developed world ,  that’s not the case in ghana or most of africa . "
"i was not so surprised to hear the news as i have witnessed a “cultural renaissance” in the arts in china ,  and in particular ,  the disciplines of contemporary art and architecture . "
"many people in them ,  and there ' s a debate going on"
"i want you to do it , i want you to do it . "
"yeah ,  and you ' ll get a big bang out of it ,  too .   -  well ,  that sure takes a load off of my mind . "
" "" almost all other animals are clearly observed to partake in sleep ,  whether they are aquatic ,  aerial ,  or terrestrial ,  ""  wrote aristotle in his workon sleep and sleeplessness .  but do other animals dream ?  on that the greek philosopher also had an opinion .  in the history of animals ,  he wrote :   "" it would appear that not only do men dream ,  but horses also ,  and dogs ,  and oxen ;  aye ,  and sheep ,  and goats ,  and all viviparous quadrupeds ;  and dogs show their dreaming by barking in their sleep .  ""  his research methods may lack sophistication ,  but aristotle may not have been too far off the mark . "
"liquid butane [ for mechanical ligters ,  in containers not forming part of the lighter and not exceeding 300cc capacity ] "
the man could not explain away the gun and the marked money from the bank robbery that the police found in his ear . 
"but these excursions out of the real were of brief duration ,  for ever the pangs of the hunger  - bite called him back . "
"nobody really knew how to make these little movies on the computer , "
do not knock on the door ? 
there are also reports that hoover liked to dress in women ' s clothing . 
i ' m gonna write a column about nathaniel . 
historian lucy worsley caused afurorewhen she remarked last year that she had been ' educated out of the natural reproductive function '  . 
"his present owner jude stringfellew has given up her teaching post and plans to take him around the world to preach that even without a perfect body ,  one can have a perfect soul '  . "
male caucasian with multiple lacerations on lower mandible and possible concussion . 
in the second essay we find an account of the history of the development of this adjustment and of how the scholars reflected upon the relationship they had come to have with the centralized authority and how they explained and justified it in their philosophies . 
and you ' d have difficulty finding a boy that has this ability . 
"in the realization of communicating with computer ,  we comply the rs  -  232 standard of computer serial interface . "
time - dependent stiffness reliability analysis of the structural system based on the cumulative damage
now he was translating into english a work on the chinese view of life written by the official who sent him abroad . every month he drew out a sum of money from the national bank for living expenses and lived a very leisurely life . 
"but maybe ,  in this chap ,  that wire that goes from the amygdala to the limbic system , "
"the sensitiyity to 5  -  fc ,  amb ,  nys ,  mic ,  ket and eco was 52 %  ,  48 %  ,  64 %  ,  16 %  、16 %  、16 %  separately . "
"as long as americans drove more each year ,  that arrangement worked ,  and for much of the htf’s existence ,  that is exactly what happened .  america’s workforce grew . "
"edward snowden has  -  in a heroic effort at great personal cost  -  revealed the existence and extent of thesurveillance ,  the u . s .  government devotes electronic communications worldwide . "
"he was working for the state department ,  overseeing reconstruction in mosul a few months back . "
"the extraordinarily high estimate was revealed by the security minister ,  baroness neville  -  jones ,  and reflects the spread of computers into many aspects of domestic and business life . "
"for some ,  asking their parents for travel money is outdated .  saving up on your own is the trend now .  but what about earning money on the trip ? "
"in fact one of my chinese friends often complains that his girlfriend doesn ' t sajiao enough .   "" you know ,  she is too harsh ,  ""  he said ,   "" i really feel like i can ' t please her .  "" "
or give me 50 %  of the profits . 
the brazilians have now won all six of their matches against african teams in the history of the tournament . 
establishment and analysis of the near isogenic lines  ( nils )  by ssr mas in quality protein maize ( qpm ) 
students should have some familiarity with commutative algebra and basic topology . 
the organic fertilizer shall keep the soil in good heart . 
no sooner were the pieces of charcoal rubbed against the glass rod than electricity appeared on the rod . 
turns out the secret has to do with a form at the dmv . 
"but in return ,  he said ,  the international community must respect iran ' s right to peaceful nuclear energy . "
i ' ve always hated this carpet it ' s stained and frayed in such distinctive ways
so that when he brought us our morning goblets of milk the forces of attraction in his mind would be greater than those of repulsion . 
and this is a donkey cart which they modified . 
is there have been any sign of sonja ? 
"this unique creature is part of an imperiled community of aquatic organisms in the gulf of mexico ,  where poor water quality and habitat loss have weakened the ecosystem . "
"ugly betty may have just ended ,  but america ferrera is on to new beginnings :  yesterday ,  the actress confirmed her engagement to longtime beau ,  director ryan piers williams . "
"you are at the bookstore ,  and you suddenly glimpse an attractive person near you in the same aisle . "
let out any questions you have and see what answers you come up with . 
"if the breadwinner deserts the family ,  it will be left penniless . "
"if you put the word out that this movie is good , "
"no ,  joey can stay for a while . "
that ' s all the motivation that one needs . 
they were gathered up in the ocean and turned into a mountain of boats ! 
"all ,  it seems ,  may be classified as mental derangement ,  and treated as such . "
"according to residents of the jaji military cantonment ,  about noon two suicide bombers came into the facility and headed for the st .  andrews protestant church ,  where the first suicide bomber detonated his bomb . "
local people ' s congresses at and above the county level establish standing committees . 
"so ,  i began to make things again .  this is another series of objects"
"but that is just america :  although historically it has represented 15 - 50 %  of world demand for utility - sized gas turbines ,  the growth of emerging economies means that it is now just 8 %  ,  reckons bernstein . "
"in the era of knowledge economy ,  with the change of the circumstance speeding up ,  knowledge has become the key point to win through the competition . "
"well ,  thank you for that ,  but i am just a little tied up right now . "
"but no ,  it ain ' t going to look good in my normal building .  "" "
"now ,  i was saying ,  well ,  that ' s the whole point :  it ' s moving . "
you know what i ' m going to say ? 
he ' d piss himself if he knew i was coaching girls ! 
"and the fact that you don ' t believe me ,  the fact that we ' ve been through everything that we ' ve been through and that you still don ' t trust me on this ,  is ,  quite frankly ,  disturbing . "
"based on figures provided by the consultancy ,  a consortium made up of bangladesh consultant and t écnica ,  the government ,  which already had guaranteed funding from the arab bank for the economic development of africa ,  scheduled a date for work to start this year ,  which is why it launched the tender for the work . "
" "" have we not learned anything in two years ?  ""  asked an editorial in the united daily ,  a newspaper typically sympathetic to the ruling kuomintang ,  or nationalist party . "
"also keep your client ' s outline and other forms in front of you as you write ,  and check off items as you write them . "
of course you didn ' t go to church with us . 
without causing any convulsion in the body except a little bit of twitching of the toes . 
and you can imagine sleeping on fernandina your first night there
"fox ,  i seem to remember firing you . "
you can ride the escalator up but have to descend on foot . 
"chai q x ,  song s z .  occurrence and control of apple fruit sunburn . "
i sentence you to the high term of three years . 
"i just ,  i just need a little more time . "
she also married u . s .  senator john warner and construction worker larry fortensky . 
"–thank you .  –yeah ,  wade ,  get some rest ,  okay ? "
"station for a day ,  my sore foot could keel over ,  but no way ,  the bride needs help ,  for which i am willing to help her . "
"herba hyperici japonici ,  pulvis fells ursi ,  radix sophora flavescentis ,  radix angelica sinensis in the qingganle capsules were identified by thin layer chromatography .   ? results ? "
"safety decision module includes safety information system ,  safety analysis system ,  and safety decision support expert system . "
i didn ' t know we had any friends here . 
"woe to you ,  because you are like unmarked graves ,  which men walk over without knowing it . "
"it ' s 2 o ' clock now ,  almost ,  it ' s very late"
"i ' m falling down a dark hole ,  then i see strange creatures . "
"step right up here ,  do not be shy !  nobody likes a bashful leatherhead .  move it . "
"methods 697 newborns suffered from neonatal hyper - unconjugated bilirubinemia is taken as objects ,  to analyse retrospectively their data ,  including 565 term infants and 132 preterm infants ,  66 abo haemolytic disease ,  25 erythrocyte glucose - 6 - hposphate dehydrogenase defect disease ,  109 infectous disease ,  67 hemorrhagic disease . "
"in my life ,  when i tried to achieve things"
"we did things on land ,  in the air ,  on water  -  - "
"get off your high horse ,  talk it out ,  shake hands or hug ,  and move on . "
the governor appointed a committee to probe the causes of the strike . 
and this is  .  .  .  a division of the library of congress
"and at dinner ,  he would have the christians rubbed by his guards .  .  .  with aromatic herbs and garlic .  .  .  and sewn up into sacks . "
"this requires alternatively the role of discussion leader ,  project leader ,  rapporteur ,  or publisher . "
i shall have a chance to see qingcheng again
"but ,  you know ,  not everybody has all these skills . "
"such a reform ,  however ,  is necessary and urgent because it is an indispensable step in relieving the peasants . "
and i remember having seen it in the al jazeera office
my father was known to everyone in and out of the family as the somber bin laden boy who became increasingly occupied with religious teachings . 
you would get that little sphere of gas on the right . 
in case the vicious guard dogs haven’t been fed . 
he adds a let -  out clause to the effect that the payment will be revised if the exchange rate fall by more than5 %  . 
it didn ' t refer to the cheonan sinking in the announcement . 
"churches around bowling green ,  ky .  ,  are seeing more requests for assistance ,  reduced collections and lower attendance for some services .   ( daily news ,  kentucky ) "
" "" this is a pepsi event ,  so i ' d have to make the argument that this was in her deal ,  ""  says jackson ,  who brokered nicki minaj ' s multimillion dollar agreement with the beverage company .   "" i can ' t imagine it being any other way … what better way to make it known to the world that beyoncé is the face of pepsi ?  "" "
"who is the middle linebacker for the cincinnati bengals , "
" "" detailed scientific research has told us that each earthquake displays almost unique characteristics ,  preceded by foreshocks or small tremors ,  whereas others occur without warning .  there simply are no rules to utilise in order to predict earthquakes ,  ""  said dr dan faulkner ,  senior lecturer in rock mechanics at the university of liverpool . "
"one example wednesday :  british airways began offering  $ 2 ,  012 round - trip business - class tickets to london for travel between july 16 and sept 2 .  these fares typically range from  $ 5 ,  000 to more than  $ 10 ,  000 .  business - class tickets often sell slowly in the summer ,  and the olympics may be discouraging business trips . "
"high - dose regimen for two weeks ,  you ' re cured . "
"“what is america but beauty queens ,  millionaires ,  stupid records and hollywood ? ” asked adolf hitler in 1940 . "
the resignation paves the way for an early election expected in february . 
"and it is a curable disease ,  said secretary of state john kerry at the recent funding replenishment round for the global fund : "
"come on ,  don ' t show her the pictures . "
"it doesn ' tmean shit to me anymore ,  you know that ?  . "
the boss will kill me if he finds out . 
"by discussing the effect of batteries components  ( such as active materials ,  electrolytes ,  binders )  ,  manufacturing processes ,  using conditions ,  and so on ,  some information about designing and manufacturing lithium ion batteries can be learned . "
you are entitled to one free credit report each year and it is wise to get a copy . 
this is how complex the economy we ' ve created is . 
"reading about things is helpful ,  but first  -  hand experience provides a rich multi  -  sensory experience . "
"investigators say they are looking into possible overloading on a plane that crashed in montana ,  killing all 14 people aboard . "
if i could curl up in his arms right now and feel his affection for me
it ' s a poor teacher who can only control the class by roaring at the pupils . 
you sound like one of those james bonds ! 
the problem is that the contours of a cultural community rarely coincide with a political entity . 
still often the ground and netizens accompany go on a journey . 
the reason the titanic hit an iceberg and sunk has been hotly debated for the past century . 
" "" the odds have been shifted so heavily that fires that used to be manageable now threaten to spin out of control and wreak damages that are far beyond what was experienced in the past ,   "" gore said . "
i ' m being paid to do what i love ! 
"according to the bureau of labor statistics ,  most software developers work for computer systems design and related services firms or software publishers .  others work in computer and electronic product manufacturing industries .  they typically have a bachelor ' s degree in computer science . "
the crops are the main components of livestock feed . 
the goal is to cross off as many items as possible in the shortest time . 
but prof rippon insisted this was nothing to do with innate differences in the way the brains of girls and boys worked . 
i just can ' t figure out who it could be .  .  . 
the kinds of people who are sitting in this room . 
"now ,  if you get a ph . d .  ,  and you decide not to teach , "
"2 .  the turbidity of water is one of the main factors to affect the thermal efficiency of the solar pond ,  so increasing aqueous clarity can increase the operation efficiency of the solar pond .  in this thesis ,  the method of using filtration and medicament to reduce the turbidity of bitten and increase efficiency in solar pond are experimentally studied . "
r :  so now trees are some kind of stealthy assassin ? 
the developments of fuzzy logic control theory promote the application of fuzzy logic controller to load follow in pressurized water reactors . 
he speaks to the effect that the same symbol can carry different implications in different cultures . 
i just took themoff a captain from the 251 st yesterday . 
"mother bottle feeds her baby ,  baby bottles in shop . "
i hope you ' re taking good care of my granddaughter . 
tell me something mr .  graycouldn ' t possibly know . 
"to solve the problem ,  bai suggested that big -  headed job seekers should be more open to other opinions . "
just as natural as possible to bill . 
"the two authors tell the euro story well ,  but their most interesting material is about her past . "
"socks and stockings ,  shirts ,  knitwear and knitted fabrics ,  casual shirts ,  hosiery . "
"in cyprus ,  the requirement is less :  a €300 ,  000 property ;  in greece ,  with its dire economic crisis ,  €250 ,  000 is enough .  that amount can buy property in a tony athens neighborhood ,  or a renovated villa on a greek island .  the residency permit is good for five years and may be extended to other family members . "
"on april 2 ,  1942 hornet put to sea escorted by cruisers ,  destroyers and a fleet oiler . "
"so it may be that ,  in certain halls ,  this dynamic may well work . "
"so ,  all of that is to say that i like to believe"
were they ?  let ' s look at the palestinian television and find out . 
johnson made 102 baskets in the game last night . 
"bottom line :  coffee consumption has been associated with a lower risk of death in prospective epidemiological studies ,  especially in type ii diabetics . "
"at least ,  that is how mervyn king ,  ben bernanke and others might explain the policy to the public ;  another way of describing it would be as a multibillion  -  pound leap in the dark . "
a holiday in the sun will pep you up and you ' ll soon feel better . 
about 20  -  -  so kind of more than a team  -  - 
your new business venture won ' t instantly turn a profit . 
"it ' s very much like the rutting of mammals ,  including humans , "
"on the air side ,  the app implements some of adobe air ' s newest features including a local database ,  encrypted local storage ,  view source capability ,  automatic updates ,  and offline capability . "
it was hezekiah who blocked the upper outlet of the gihon spring and channeled the water down to the west side of the city of david . 
"yeah ,  we met about an hour ago . "
"during the interaction of ultra - short and ultra - intense laser with plasma ,  application of energetic protons generated this interaction are proton imaging ,  compact particle accelerators ,  diagnosis the interaction of ultra - short and ultra - intense pulse laser with plasma ,  fast ignitor and proton cancer therapy etc . "
"meanwhile ,  thanks to financial aid ,  mercifully few students actually pay the full sticker price . "
and pull from something that ' s going on around me . 
they salted down most of the meat for their later use . 
a man has been arrested in connection with the robbery . 
"i have to have an out  -  of  -  body experience ,  and i have to have it now . "
"so it ' s not the last resort ,  but it ' s the first resort ? "
"now ,  this technique has been tried on dozens of patients"
fred :  what does a scanner see ?  into the head ?  into the heart ?  does it see into me ?  clearly ?  or darkly ? 
"you had firms ,  if you wanted to be in the market  -  -  or you had governments"
"and you ,  lady ,  you ' re no super sleeper . "
"if you wish ,  you may send your application by courier to the addresses given above . "
the alluvial plains in mesopotamia are perfectly suitable for high food production . 
"there ' s a war abroad ,  and we don ' t know what ' ll happen to shanghai ! "
"after taking a trip  "" back to the future ,  ""  the couple ended up onstage for banter with each other  -  -  and their mother and grandmother . "
"nor white or black ,  nor if you have money or not . "
what did i tell you people about visitors ? 
"there is another possible ,  but unresearched ,  explanation for why we sometimes see the signs of agony ,  complete with tears ,  when a person hears wonderful news . "
 ?  we can tell our cancer cells are more benign than old phil spector .   ? 
let us have the chance to go ! 
policy and action alike gained immediate and overwhelming support at home . 
"fungi aren’t animals either ,  but for what it’s worth ,  some scientists consider them more akin to animals than plants . "
though bayer ' s circumstance in china was rare -  -  a foreigner working alongside migrant workers in local eateries is not common -  -  his experience in a chinese workplace is one that experts say is common . 
we engaged a guide to show us the way across the mountains . 
"yeah ,  i mean ,  i feel bad for him . "
"one theory supposes that this change in the prefrontal cortex is part of the general decline of the body ,  that bilateral processing is evidence of malfunctioning . "
"so ,  what could cause obesityand skin necrosis ? "
"early on ,  for instance ,  it was a leader in mortgage - backed securities . "
"to meet at a lonely spot on the river - bank , "
i would ' ve thought that warnfield put out a better spread . 
"no ,  that ' s not why i ' m here at all . "
"for ye have need of patience ,  that ,  after ye have done the will of god ,  ye might receive the promise . "
"a boutique or design hotel is a us name to describe a hotel with a small number of rooms ,  which is normally luxurious and whose decoration is themed or follows a particular style . "
we went on a guided tour round the castle . 
the chief likes to refer to himself in the third person . 
"it ' s a country of nearly 45 million people ,  one of the largest nations in europe . "
"any long - term project ,  whether in business ,  academia or elsewhere can easily get bogged down by focusing too much on the minutiae of everyday processes and forgetting the ultimate goal . "
and fifty - six percent said they were better able to find information . 
i must show you my new paintings sometime . 
"“the freedom to marry” ,  wrote earl warren ,  chief justice of the united states supreme court , “has long been recognised as one of the vital personal rights essential to the orderly pursuit of happiness by free men . ”"
to put me in touch with the parents of the victims . 
"people became more and more fed up ,  and eventually the rioting started . "
"following this lead ,  they decided to investigate the role of nitration in one disease ,  parkinson ' s ,  in more detail . "
and so they can do a simulation like this . 
"akbar softened towards islam thereafter ,  and is thought to have died ,  in 1605 ,  a muslim ,  not an apostate . "
"we all want to solve the case ,  that ' s all"
"so far ,  chinese authorities have issued monetary stabilization bonds to keep from issuing more currency . "
the earlier export numbers were being gamed by companies looking skirt restrictions on capital inflows  ( the proverbial “hot money” )  . 
i could see his discouragement and feared he would lose all interest in learning . 
this is what they are proud of . 
it started out with an article in red herring . 
"whatever works for you .  it takes longer for solid foods to be digested compared to liquids ,  which could be agood or bad thing when you exercise ,  depending on the timing .  but studies have generally found that itdoesn ' t matter whether you get your pre -  - workout calories from food or beverages . "
this modest amount of sodium bicarbonate prevents the potassium depletion and demineralization of bone . 
"that one of my orthopedic colleagues took off the wrong leg in my hospital , "
"we call it price effect ,  which is a indirect effect showing its power through circulation ' s counteraction to production . "
i´m going back to the matrix and i want you to come with me . 
a bastardized version of the actor is that figure now thought so apt an analogy in our consumer  -  conscious society :  the salesman . 
you must be psyched that karen brought it up . 
are you cool with a finger in you ? 
"don ' t let go of that truck ,  snake eyes . "
i ' ve come .  .  .  to ask if you can help him . 
 #  come and roll your sleeves up so to speak
"now it relies on other countries for oil ,  copper ,  iron ore ,  soya and many other commodities ,  without which it could not sustain its breakneck development nor satisfy its people’s rising aspirations . "
"although accident ,  illness ,  and death are not pleasant subjects ,  each of us knows we face these possibilities . "
"in a worst  -  case scenario ,  iran would bombard israel with missiles and be joined by its well -  armed regional allies :  syria ,  and the islamic militant groups hezbollah in lebanon and hamas in gaza . "
"thoughglenn beck gleefully pretended he was doing the cruel segment against his ownwill ,  the fact is that if he truly didn’t want to do it ,  he wouldn’t have . "
"the annulment of the 1982 defense of the economy law ,  and the law adopting punitive measures for anti - economic crimes ,  which was last updated in 1987 ,  was unanimously approved by all sides of the mozambican parliament . "
you ' d find that more than half of the world ' s people
" "" i ' m sorry to bother you so late ,  ""  he said ,   "" but i think my wife has appendicitis  .  "" "
"his seal is this which is to be worn as aforesaid ,  etc . "
he denied that he had leaked the news to the press . 
" "" extras ,  ""  starring british actor ricky gervais as a minor tv performer and  "" background artiste ,  ""  won the award for best television comedy . "
"emboldened by his welcome ,  mr gomaa offered to help britain set up a post like his own :  state - certified grand mufti . "
"don ' t tell me you want the porn back ,  because you can ' t have it ! "
 *  can you think of something - or someone - in your life that you wish you had said no to ?  how would your life be different now if you had ? 
we run with mr .  charleslike on the stein job . 
the victim matched the description of the armed suspect . 
"work over the last year ,  and how it responds in video . "
wear rate will be the lowest when the addition content of graphite term of mass . 
"the tpv group ,  which also produces pc monitors and televisions for several worldwide brands ,  has annual turnover of around us $ 7 billion .  . "
"aluminum instrument case ,  medical box ,  air props aluminum ,  air box ,  aviation equipment ,  boxes ,  aviation equipment cabinet . "
"using the endowment ,  discoveries ,  and consumption data ,  model the depletion or degradation of the commodity over a long horizon using resource modeling principles . "
"with you to create ,  sort of ,  like ,  a post - war german etching . "
"it’s a hard decision either way–lying to ourselves is as painful as the risk of losing one of the most important people in our lives .  but li takes the risk anyway–fortunately ,  cheng is there for him ,  like always . "
there seemed no end to the hidden enemies at whom he raved . 
"um ,  it ' s hard to explain ,  but i really needed to do this . "
"so he took it home ,  put it by the fire  -  side and tried to make it warm . "
one published report suggested that some veterans who received anthrax vaccines developed anti -  squalene antibodies and these antibodies caused disabilities . 
"we hold similar views on this issue ,  but out of different considerations . "
those empty tins are then melted down and reused . 
"and once you ' ve curated that data ,  and once you ' ve cleaned that data , "
the dress is too expensive for me to buy . 
"“the fingerprint community can get quite dogmatic ,  ” biro told me in another conversation . "
"so ,  this is not the time for dinner and a movie :  this is breakfast  -  in  -  bed ,  dinner  -  cruise or trip  - out -  of  - town territory . "
if you have a parenting problem or question leave a comment on this post and you may have yours answered next week ! 
and there was an increase in the amount of people willing to save
"maybe when i get back ,  i can write a book about my travels . "
"as he said ,  i was co - inventor of the furby . "
can ' t you draw in the other room ?  said johnsy coldly . 
"earlier that evening ,  evelyn thompson had guided me through a fair sampling of the ethnic groceries that are ,  so to speak ,  her bread and butter . "
"and that usually ,  if you ' re a bit extraordinary ,  if you ' re not exactly of human appearance , "
"one reason for this decline is new legislation in south africa that restricts numbers of foreign workers in mining companies and another cause is the decline in the gold mining industry in africa ' s largest economy ,  he added . "
so your proposition is not only preposterous .  .  .  it is highly insulting . 
"tori ,  we must take stock - market to sleep… … the bible ,  a pen and a notebook . "
they should sit down to talk out their differences . 
it ' s going to come gradually at first .  it ' s going to pick up speed . 
"recently ,  cape verde ' s ambassador to china ,  j úlio morais ,  said that cape verde wanted to become a services platform for the chinese merchant navy ,  as part of its strategy to create a transport hub in the mid - atlantic and the west african coast . "
"well ,  to be quite honest ,  i hear they call it the fingernail factory . "
"he said a ""  task force ""  representing his group had started a ""  crash program ""  in newark . "
"for he has gathered evidence that dna examiners '  interpretations of their results are ,  at least in complex cases ,  open to subjectivity and bias . "
"just as in first class ,  we also offer extra virgin olive oil ,  including natural ,  truffle ,  chilli and balsamic vinegar as an alternative to butter to complete your meal . "
amou haji has an aversion to soap and water and even the suggestion of a bath drives him crazy . 
"captain ,  i think we found the problem ! "
"the whole object space is divided into a three equal rectangular spaces ,  while the central part is atrium . "
"i got this from her ,  i don ' t know ,  a few months ago . "
"through simulating test in the laboratory ,  further anti  -  skidding performance of exposed  -  aggregate cement concrete pavement was studied . "
she would have sounded more like a chimpanzee than a human . 
"however ,  unlike freud ' s unconscious  ( a hot ,  claustrophobic place full of repressed memories and inappropriate sexual fantasies about one ' s parents )  the modern unconscious is a place of super - fast data processing , "
and those bumps act like a magnet for water . 
it is a headache to decipher his sloppy penmanship . 
sometimes the system goes on the blink and the whole thing it turns out wrong . 
"lose mental privacy as well ,  and there really will be nowhere to hide . "
so you really need to have a desire to help customers with their individual needs . 
the police are keeping the suspects under constant surveillance . 
"products wanted :  embroidered napery products such as tablecloths ,  doilies ,  bags ,  wine bottle covers and mats . "
serious design is also  -  -  often  -  -  quite unsuccessful
"no ,  don’t .  you ’re right ,  all of you— i need to snap out of it . "
"first of all ,  raw materials manufactured components comprise the initial input in the entire manufacturing process . "
"the results indicated that the response of angora goats to superovulation was weaker than that of diary goats  ( p < 0 . 05 )  ,  the different administration ways of fsh did not influence the superovulatory effects significantly , and in the same treatment ,  the recovered viable oocyte numbers were greater than those of viable embryos  ( p < 0 . 01 )  . "
"during his childhood ,  the future senator attended ten different schools in several cities before he started college . "
"our final question today comes from kristy ,  “kristy , ” who is ,  i believe ,  chinese but living in australia . 、 kristy ' s question is a good one . "
it ' s such a bond with other men . 
more than three hundred fifty national parks can be found in the united states . 
"but ,  if you don ' t know ,  then .  .  .  you don ' t know . "
i goad aside mixed grass toward in see go  -  a pastor mm be just chased by several ferocious tigers that bring off spread bring an end to … wood grain . 
"this morning ,  a list arrived at headquarters . "
"many rim investors are still optimistic the company ' s two phones ─ the first blackberrys in about 18 months ─ will help turn around nearly two years of delayed product rollouts ,  network outages ,  falling blackberry sales and wilting market share .  rim shares have risen 41 %  this year ,  and more than doubled in the past three months to  $ 16 . 18 monday .  several once - bearish analysts have jumped on the back of the share - price rally ,  raising their ratings and price targets . "
is having to hear a woman to how to say a man ? 
"leaving aside issues such as weak knees and just speaking in general ,  muscular ability does not determine walking speed .  it’s the length of the leg that does it . "
"you ' re miserable , and you ' re afraid to face yourself . "
"in this paper ,  analysis about the characteristic of gird technology ,  probe into the possibility that grid technology uses in information management ,  mention some questions that exist in the course of using too . "
"no ,  i know ,  i know ,  i know what you ' re thinking . "
"they are being replaced by drug and supermarket chains , which often open up in the same neighborhood ,  and offer a wider selection of items . "
"the consequences of a nuclear detonation ,  or even an attempted detonation ,  perpetrated by a terrorist or criminal group anywhere in the world would be devastating . "
the effects of graphite content on paint caking property and conductance before corrosion were discussed . 
"i ' m not really sure what i ' m looking at ,  metalface . "
" "" i ' ll never forget the look on michael ' s face .  he was broken ,  ""  she said ,  her own face ashen as she recalled the conversation . "
"so that africa is not a net importer of food ,  but an exporter of food . "
"so ,  we started doing that ,  and each year we would raise our tithe 1 percent . "
these two people will come backstage with me
"isadora duncan ,  the dancer from san francisco ,  gloried in an enlightenment which others thought scandalous . "
this approach to carbonyl compounds also allows the synthesis of either optical antipodes . 
"while these results are only preliminary ,  they do point to an entirely new way that doctors and patients might be able to tackle the growing obesity epidemic in the u . s .   "" this study suggests that the differences in the organisms may play at least some role in why people lose the weight they do ,  ""  says dr .  john dibaise ,  a gastroenterologist at mayo clinic and one of study ' s authors .   "" ultimately ,  we may not only be able to manipulate the microbes of obese individuals to look like those of normal weight people ,  but we might also potentially be able to predict a person ' s susceptibility to obesity .  "" "
"why ,  you think my roommates are in danger  ? "
"a chain of hotels called ,  godwana will also be built ,  with 443 rooms spread over 18 provinces ,  as well as the recuperation of the meridien panorama and grande hotel in huila province . "
"lawful interception ( li )  plays a crucial role in assisting law enforcement agencies to combat criminal activities , therefore it is an essential part of network and information security . "
oh se -  hoon is the mayor of seoul .  he is a big booster of urban design and the city beautification campaign begun under his predecessor . 
i don ' t want anybodyhurt because you didn ' t listen . 
for some years kerosene continued to be the principal one . 
"and this year ,  people with musical ability from around the world take the stage to try to realize their dreams ,  big or small . "
"either as a therapeutic experience or something of a moral test ,  there are elements of satire and farce in each segment .  much of that is thanks to novelist wang shuo ,  who wrote the screenplay . "
"we are only from each other ' s life was not careful ,  could not forget .  . "
sometimes the only way doctors can treat an injury like this is to remove frostbitten areas like fingers and toes . 
"and very ,  very quickly ,  we ' re going to see a significant proportion ,  if not the majority of"
" "" they sent one of the hunter vessels to check us out and the rest of them just ran right in front of us and we are going further and further north ,  ""  she said .   "" we ' ve chased them out of the whaling grounds .  we ' re very happy about that .  "" "
"“undergraduates of some majors need to do a lot of experiments in the lab , ” said ge ,  who spends six hours per week in the lab .  “the ‘easy’ experiments we do also have risks .  the school should give the same weight to our safety in labs . ”"
"blizzard could have programmed not only the consequences that would be predicted by a bleeding  -  heart liberal ,  but those posited by a neocon . "
let ' s just watch it .  .  .  think about it . 
her tendency to discover a touch of sadness had for the nonce disappeared . 
liquid erosion dramatically accelerates naphtehnic acid corrosion of the stainless steels . 
"to others ,  he is a barnacle that has fastened itself to the underside of our patent system so tenaciously that the most powerful corporations in the world cannot pry it off . "
i got them froma roadie for the black crowes . 
"focusing on student′s wrong ideeds about exercise during menstrual peniod ,  authors investigated the menstrual conditions of 200 femal studeuts when they took part in different intensity exercises , analysed the effect of different infensity exercises on menstrual reaction , menstrual period and menstrual volume , and discussed the rules and slf - evaluated indexes which students must understand during menstrual period in exercises in order to arrange training and competition reasonably and scientifically . "
"according to the english - language paper ,  the ayala group invested a total of us $ 75 million and third party investors are needed to complete the investment . "
the process of inducing or entering sleep or a hypnotic state . 
"in this paper ,  it takes the 112 gob areas of tie shannan coal of si chuan da zhu mining bureau as an example ,  according to the stress distribution of waterproof pillar on basis of test on equivalent materials ,  and combining with technology of detect on geologic radar ,  this paper studies on the destructive rule of coal or cock ,  then gets the characteristics of breach fracture zone of coal or rock ,  and confirm the reasonable width of waterproof pillar in k21 coal floor . "
solution :  make it mobile .  here ' s a patent for a railroad missile garrison system that launches icbms from rail cars of a train . 
there are these enormously wonderful and worthwhile modes of being  -  - 
"macau currently has 21 casinos ,  16 of which are owned by sociedade de jogos de macau ,  a company belonging to gaming magnate stanley ho ,  and a further four are expected to open by the end of the year . "
the mass kidnappings are the latest in a wave across iraq . 
i had a rather odd experience the other day . 
"you are jealous of me all the way ,  aren ' t you ? "
" "" yes ,  i told you ,  you weren ' t going to be able to , "
"note :  this is very similar to the update of db2 configuration parameters ,  where changes in some parameters take effect immediately ,  and some are deferred to the instance or database restart . "
"political experts say obama is likely to get a boost from the endorsement of former secretary of state and national security advisor ,  retired army general colin powell . "
"as this happened ,  another red beret grabbed me hard from behind and said ,  ‘ come with me ,  or i will do the same thing to you  . ’"
why didn ' t you tell me about it ? 
parsons added that his oil company would only comment on the situation after the results of drilling in adjacent concessions arrived and an analysis of whether it was worth carrying out further test drills . 
"there is no stopping in the red zone , "
"on a busy road on the outskirt of town ,  this vegetable stall has doubled in size since the revolution . "
"when this has to happen ,  try to make changes and additions that are compatible with standards . "
"portugal buys soy ,  sugar ,  iron and steel laminates ,  and wood from brazil and sells olive oil ,  lubricants ,  wine and salt cod . "
"he was supposed to give us advice ,  but all he came up with were airy - fairy ideas . "
"currently ,  whenever you search on google ,  your search data is not encrypted and anybody with enough interest in getting this data can do so by listening in on your connection . "
"but these movies are made to be understood despite such handicaps , "
"not only does the new director intend to put the entire museum collection online ,  but he is also eager to use the internet more inventively to “tell the great stories of the objects we own and give visitors a sense of their artistry . ”"
"friends ,  it is with great pleasure that i introduce .  .  . "
with more than twice the votes of the person who didn ' t make it . 
"one group completed the re feeding in a week ,  while the other took six weeks . "
"really ,  it ' s just like an old story . "
"this self -  emasculation only gives life to the idea that a man must bow down ,  work like a dog and prove himself worthy to the women he dates .  forget about whether he ' s a good man or a stand  - up guy . "
climate change has been like an on  -  off switch in the sahara . 
the peasants and workers were hand in glove with one another in the struggle against the landlords and capitalists who worked hand in glove with each other . 
"methods : implants were implanted in the insides or surfaces of the corresponding positions including alveoli dentales maxillae and mandibulae , zygoma ,  cranium , mastoid process and the orbit ' s surrounding , which can be integrated with the surrounding tissues biologically . "
"as well as the maiombe park ,  the consulting council also approved to natural conservation areas ;  the mussuma national park ( moxico )  and luiana national park ( kuando kubango )  . "
"one final thought before i get to the toilet bit ,  is  -  - "
"once upon a time the overstressed executive bellowing orders into a telephone ,  cancelling meetings ,  staying late at the office and dying of a heart attack was a stereotype of modernity . "
"i spent most of the  ' 80s being quite solemn , "
90 percent of the patients on the transplant wait list
"critics say he alienated congress by initially refusing to submit to any oversight ,  supporters that this was only an opening bid . "
"the man from the pru will bestride the continent like a colossal salesman ,  hoping to convert the aspirations and fears of these new middle classes into sterling . "
the editorial in this paper has my friend nat baker real upset . 
i have no idea who you ' re talking about . 
"so ,  i know ,  see ,  like the name is like a little bit long , "
"had he known of the crevice ,  he could have closed it with a rock at the beginning and the fish would have been his . "
then why are they still after me ? 
"in view of our long  -  stand relation ,  we exceptionally agree to accept d  /  p payment term for this order . "
"luanda ,  angola ,  08 may–angolan state oil company ,  sociedade nacional de combust íveis de angola ( sonangol )  and british petroleum ( bp )  said thursday in luanda that they had discovered a new oil well in bloc 31 in the ultra - deep waters off the coast of angola . "
and at night reading those novels she liked so much . 
because you ' re heating all the metal of the chamber
"bones ,  i ' ve been driving since i was 12 ,  okay ? "
and that ' s why we wanted it to be the 21st of september as the date of peace . 
five thousand coming here to white lake ? 
eg .  19 couples took part in the ballroom dancing competition . 
"afs also has a second line of business .  it sells the laser - sintering printers it makes to others ,  for this is a rapidly growing industry . "
"sometimes you just need to shut out the world ,  and headphones can help you eliminate all other noises and concentrate on your work . "
myotubular myopathy  ( xlmtm )  is a usually very severe congenital myopathy associated with major hypotonia at birth . 
"the key is ,  when you look at these variables and you look at this data , "
"we know  -  -  20 million dollars today ,  you can go and buy a ticket , "
"when did they pause the videos ,  what did they stop watching , "
what the fuck does that even mean ? 
and the pygmalion effect is if i believe you have a certain characteristic this might cause you to behave as if you have that characteristic . 
"clinical psychologist dr belisa vranich said :  ' the texting and all the social networking that ' s happening createanticipation .  ' if your goal is to have sex ,  texting is actually helpful for that because it makes the correspondence between people sort of more titillating . "
the conversation is abnormal in that the hearer ' s replies do not provide required information . 
because all i could really do was represent in a very one - on - one way . 
"to hear about your ideas about how to fulfill this wish , "
"so one day the young acolyte said to him .   "" father prior ,  what are you doing day after day rubbing this brick on the stone .  "" "
from two googlers who wrote their own job descriptions
"these results show that the linear free energy relationships exist nicely between the following parameter pairs :  logβ _  ( 102 )  and pk _ 2 ~ b ,  logβ _  ( 111 ) and pk _ 2 ~ b and log β _  ( 111 )  and logβ _  ( 102 )  ,  the factors contributing to the stability of binary and . "
"the system shoots the spot pictures of the peccancy vehicles by ccd digital color cameras ,  and transmits the images to the traffic manage center via public telephone commutation network with point to point protocol .  it has low cost and credible running and good expansibility and many other virtues . "
he can ' t call dibs on every girl he meets . 
whether such an appendix of the certificate available  ( sample test data report )  ? 
"but in october last year ,  as the chart shows ,  the story changed . "
did you know that he got hit in the head ? 
" "" then why did they blow up our house  ?  ""  mother demanded . "
he lay on the floor with a cushion under his head . 
"so ,  how was your first day of training ? "
"thomas ,  you ' re gonna break dr .  benton  ' s scale . "
"when you ' re going through the workday ,  try to keep similar tasks together . "
there is a hole in the heel of one of your socks . 
"so far ,  shoppers are winning the price game about as often as they lose -  -  with about half of price changes going down ,  and half going upward ,  according to decide .  com ,  which tracks prices of products over time to determine the best time to buy them . "
"one approach would be ,  following newton ,  to write down the equations for the evolution of the biosphere and solve them . "
in the city ' s resurgence .  that development should not come at the expense
"love □ seeks lucky bin one day ,  mahatma gandhi by train when ,  a shoe drops rail ,  but the train already actuate ,  he cannot choose that shoe . "
" "" i am an emotional creature :  the secret life of girls around the world ,  "" "
so what we do is that we put all these slices together . 
"and once you ' ve curated that data ,  and once you ' ve cleaned that data , "
"chaney ' s across the river ,  in choctaw nation . "
i had rather to go than stay to be insulted . 
"tuesday ' s speakers brought a change in atmosphere ,  as republicans escalated criticisms of democrats and mccain ' s democratic opponent ,  senator barack obama . "
we got to it before it had time to finish . 
"he had a body very similar to our own , "
you always have that jumbo around to protect you . 
all i  ' m saying -  -  it ' s not your fault . 
all the products are on sale ;  some are even 89 %  off . 
 ( bringing the fire :  two men dressed as chefs used a flamethrower to set the board alight ) 
all jms listeners that subscribe to this topic will then review the message and ask their object managers to release objects bound to the scope . 
"in 1804 ,  locomotive carried about seventy passengers a short distance on some iron rails . "
some say the evacuation from yan ' an marks a major setback in the chinese revolution . 
"after the now inevitable increases in debt service and social security spending ,  real current spending would fall at an annualised rate of 0 . 7 per cent over these three years . "
"and my mother said ,   "" don ' t talk about that in front of guests .  "" "
"dimensionless characteristic equations of two - dimension and three - dimension membrane roof models are obtained .  the critical divergence wind velocity is calculated using single mode method , and critical flutter wind velocities is obtained employing bimodal method . "
"if you still can ' t answer this question ,  just start somewhere . "
"you know ,  this isn´t a holiday inn ,  alfie . "
"the winds are hot and dry as they pass over namibia ' s coastal plain ,  where they are prone to stir fine sediments . "
"results from european companies in 2006 will be modest during a period of“slight disillusionment ”on markets ,  predicted jp morgan ,  with the most attractive investment sector next year being technology ,  particularly pharmaceuticals and utilities . "
"after a long drive ,  they are in the rich green forest . "
"and rommel knows that ,  so he ' s gonna try to get his armor across the merderet river anywhere he can . "
"i ' m talking about men with young minds ,  of course . "
verification was cancelled .  rerun data collection and then click verify again . 
"i didn ' t know we had a meeting today ,  sport . "
"none of that seemed to be on the minds of senators at thursday ' s confirmation hearing—like long - time kerry friend john mccain ,  who praised kerry ' s  "" personal qualities .  "" "
the king maintained order within the bounds of his realm . 
"people say things like ,   "" you know ,  i lost my father .  "" "
"james mattil ,  who served as chief of staff in the office of accountability and transparency from october 2006 to october 2007 ,  agreed that the bush administration had not done enough to press the iraqi government to fight corruption .   "" it seems reasonable to conclude that the reasons are either gross incompetence ,  willful negligence or political intent on the part of the bush administration and more specifically ,  the state department ,  ""  he said . "
i don ' t know if that ' s my fault . 
"it was mao ,  after all ,  who helped forge modern china out of an assemblage of rival regions and feuding warlords . "
so i want to first show you some interviews with people
forward jj hickson and guard andre barrett are not making the texas trip . 
"these countries ,  it concludes ,  risk losing much of their potential gains if they fail to keep pace with reforms being made by their trading partners . "
here they come tnose bandits who think the bird is theirs to take ! 
i thought he should be more supportive . 
"you can combine several search fields ,  looking up a person by any combination of their user name ,  first or last name ,  interests ,  school or place of employment . "
do you have a legal permit for the concert in white lake ? 
"many scientists focus on chromatography gradually in virtue of its strong applicability ,  wide application prospects and high degree of resolution purity . "
"and the second point i want to make ,  the final point , "
"he went straight to lagos ,  without stopping in nairobi . "
"moreover ,  extensive use of voluntary recalls can undercut agency accountability . "
on the opening day in this gallery in new york . 
i imagine you have your reasons .  .  .  for getting yourself involved in this hellish situation . 
why was mom running around the house with that ? 
"and so when it became time for me to do my graduate studies , "
i have no ideawhat you ' re talking about . 
"it just so happened that ,  at least for a while ,  everyone was pursuing the same objective :  avoiding a deep recession . "
"see ,  this is kui men right here"
i mean we can not absolutely destroy the younger class . 
"4 .  apologize .   "" if there were external ,  or even internal ,  customers who were adversely affected by what happened ,  you need to apologize to each of them .  it ' s best to do this in person ,  not by email ,  if you possibly can ,  ""  hewertson says .   "" then ask -  -  don ' t assume -  -  what you might be able to do to make it up to them .  "" "
"should the series go the distance ,  wang would also be lined up to pitch game 5 in the bronx on sunday . "
"if you read in the news ,  “the man was stabbed , ” that means that someone took a knife and tried to kill him ,  or at least to hurt him . "
you mean i cut a big holein him for nothing ? 
he burned his boats by letting bob choose how they would fight . 
demand for its igizmos seems insatiable .  that is why it needs to come up with ways to invest more of its cash sensibly . 
" "" i think there ' s real momentum towards resolving the eurozone crisis ,  and that will be the biggest boost not just to the european economy but actually to the british economy . "
if you ask me one more question  .  .  . 
test and set switch gear and circuit breaker relays for proper coordination . 
"though china ' s traditional "" min ben ""  culture has its own rationality ,  its essence is to provide service to dictatorial politics . "
how does your remark bear on this construction plan ?  . 
"in this scenario ,  the user unknowingly executes scripts written by an attacker when they follow a malicious link in a mail message . "
now ask me anything you wanna know . 
"now ,  when i was growing up ,  he used to tell me"
shall we meet at 2 o ' clock outside sogo ? 
"after that ,  the final step is to prioritize the use cases and assign them for implementation . "
"departments at all levels for finance ,  planning  ( price control )  ,  disciplinary inspection and supervision shall ,  in conjunction with judicial organs and administrative departments for industry and commerce ,  make a special campaign to check up and rectify existing charging projects and standards . "
the larger memory footprint means you should very likely plan on adding additional ram to your server . 
"matter of fact ,  i was just on my way over to your place . "
your mom is miserable to have you ! 
"you comewith me ,  you may never see her again . "
"firstly ,  three hammer head ribozymes specific to the fusion point of bcr abl were designed and cloned into a modified in vitro transcription vector pdes . "
the titanic ii is the first of four luxury cruise ships palmer has commissioned csc jinling shipyard to build . 
"i ' m not sure that he would be blamed for ,  let ' s say ,  two percent recession over the next three years compared to the rest of ukraine or some part of ukraine joining russia . "
"well ,  that must have seemed like a funny idea to that foreman : "
"and the power of this is not that it ' s done occasionally , "
but what about the whole cover story that it ' s a bodyguard ? 
that ' s probably what i should be ordering . 
timid child that i was  -  -  that i once was . 
greek - american louisa sharp was an official scorer at the athens games . 
"these objects need the asbo name and verb to be the first two fields in the structure ,  as shown . "
"don ' t be silly ,  it ' s just bad for your health . "
and it can collect six million gallons of rainwater in one season . 
there is a mother of all non - biologicals getting ready to blow up our sun . 
"building — three or four masterpieces are more important than 50 ,  60 .  buildings .  quality ,  not quantity . "
i thought i saw you here .  i thought i saw you
i never gave much thought to what it meant . 
"from a pure youth bolshevik to a cynical person who was mocked "" clear up ideal ""  and "" evade elevation ""  ,  wang meng show himself variously to investigators . "
i have managed to tune my style to the style of the journal i am now writing for . 
"and the night before ,  we camped ,  and my tibetan friends said , "
"after 15 years ,  the plucky teen with blonde hair and an orange jumpsuit grew to be a mainstay in the lives of many readers . "
"we will send you our account sales ,  together with the banker ' s draft ,  in a few days . "
"description :  two needs ,  two ways of giving is trf ' s comprehensive fundraising message . "
"when his wife left him ,  he resorted to drink . "
"in consideration of limited output versus robust demand ,  price lifting is the only way to go . "
"i often convinced myself i was in love with these guys ,  but it would soon wear off . "
"criticism is a judgment about something i did .  the reason i was reacting negatively was because i perceived it as a judgment about who i am .  since i felt my self - worth was being attacked ,  i naturally went into a defensive stance to protect it and that was my mistake . "
"this is general olbricht ,  calling on behalf of general fromm ,  commander of the reserve army . "
"but it was really diethylene glycol ,  a low - cost substitute commonly used in automobile antifreeze . "
joshua forgot to give back the things he borrowed . 
"dongpu sag is of the superior geological conditions for forming deep gas pools ,  including two sets f premium source rocks ,  variety of sand bodies ,  sell developed porosity and thick halite and mudstone as cap rocks . "
i catch this look .  .  .  this .  .  .  slight look of recognition . 
"he said ,   "" one person ' s suffering is nothing "" "
so whereas deduction is an either or thing and induction is a matter of degree . 
"just as your body needs regular washing because it gets dirty every day ,  so does your heart . "
"a pod ,  such as that of a pea or bean ,  that splits into two valves with the seeds attached to one edge of the valves . "
"many students routinely help poor families ,  or visit rural schools with donated books .  others provide company for senior citizens .  however ,  20 - year - old tian has noticed that many of her peers want to learn more about society . "
"i ' ve also been dreaming about you ,  too . "
and i came up with a solution based on adaptive optics for this . 
"jeong says japan has not been able to get back on its feet ,  in part ,  because of its low birthrate and high number of non - working senior citizens .  it is a problem that korea is now facing . "
i noted down his telephone number with a pencil near the telephone . 
basketball has always been a distant third in sports rankings in the united states behind baseball and american football . 
the monetary system of certain countries used to be based on gold . 
the poll was conducted by uk pet insurer petplan to celebrate the launch of its find a pet website . 
ziwei park coordinates the origin from the start in 1913 as the center of hangzhou . 
"luanda ,  angola ,  29 sept–the director for africa of french oil company total ,  jacques des grottes ,  said in luanda that angola was an increasingly important country for world oil production and his company in particular . "
party a may audit the cost of party b at any time . 
the sniper lay for a long time nursing his wounded arm and planning escape . 
i wish i did not have to waste my sunday go to a wedding .  .  . but it ' d be bad for business not to go . 
"i ran across other things .  i love to teach , "
be proud that you ' re not like everyone else in your social circle . 
"a device that reads data from and writes data onto a storage medium ,  such as a floppy disk . "
"lisbon ,  portugal ,  10 may–portuguese business owners should look at emerging markets ,  namely china ,  which is already in third place in portugal’’s list fo trading partners after the european union ( eu )  and the us ,  the rpesident fo portugal ' s export promotion agency ( icep )  said tuesday in lisbon . "
it ' d be really nice .  .  .  if i could get the fan going . 
thinking that that stuff came out of the ground . 
"sensing an opportunity ,  i proposed .  would she be my writing buddy ?  she accepted .  we talked through my goal  ( finishing the novel )  and how i intended to accomplish that  ( write 2 ,  000 words per week )  .  i ' d check in on friday to say whether i ' d done it . "
" "" i used to want to change the world . "
"influencing the local press has always been part of isi operations ,  usually through bribes ,  blandishments or intimidation . "
"ah ha ,  right .  second question is ,  why is the sea blue ?  all right ? "
"a senior military official in the united states has said a serving soldier ,  who shot dead three colleagues at the fort hood army base on wednesday ,  had shown no recent risks of violence . "
"if you come to get me ,  i ' il be ready ! "
waste it in a blaze of hatred ? 
"and that will be basically built over the next year , "
"calzuola was speaking at a ceremony in maputo last week to mark the signing of an accord last year ,  under which the ec granted mozambique us $  742 , 000 to re - launch the country ' s sugar sector . "
"first of all ,  i wanted to shake hands ,  all right ? "
the minister said that the government had identified a partner to manage the park and prevent it becoming run down . 
see the bartender at the playboy mansion for cocktail recipes . 
"be thankful that you don ' t already have everything you desire ,  if you did ,  what would there be to look forward to ? "
he told me he was married but i ' m afraid it didn ' t register . 
"well ,  we on cassini have taken an equivalent first , "
there is one big difference between baseball and football in america . 
when those same wide - faced men were in the buyer role they negotiated a lower price than the narrow - faced men . 
do i even have to inquire what ' s in that envelope you ' re so subtly pulling out of your pocket ? 
why didn´t you come see me sooner ? 
"these masters of the universe ,  in their spare time watch harry potter movies , "
who didn ' t have the right nobby background or the right parents ? 
you can get your desires or goals .  how many have ever got a goal
there ' s a pretty girl standing next to you . 
i have just making a reservation for tonight through the manager of your neighboring hotel . 
"he ' s acting as a human fuselage ,  so to say . "
"but once he checked into this hospital ,  he was completely in our control . "
"so ,  the thing about cancer is that it ' s a disease of the aged . "
"first ,  they should firmly carry out the common programme ,  proposed by our party and adopted at the people ' s political consultative conference ,  as well as every decree and proclamation issued by the people ' s government . "
"i ' m saying ,   "" don ' t ""  because i ' m not the chosen one . "
the lawyer produced a clever defence of his client . 
the new sports model achieved 100 miles an hour in road tests . 
"al - manar tv says a correspondent ,  a cameraman and a technician died when covering a syrian army operation . bbc news"
"other perfectionists might hold off on asking for help altogether ,  because they don ' t want to let on that there ' s anything wrong ,  or that they ' re imperfect in some way . "
"john ,  you get better pay .  .  .  you can pick your own hours and choose your own topics . "
"and often the japanese have added proprietary engineering to improve our machines .  like all the other semiconductor firms ,  we are in a box . "
that tells me i have a virus of a particular type here ; 
the chemical non equilibrium viscous shock layer flows over a teflon ablative wall are calculated numerically . 
"britain’s office for national statistics has a program for measuring national well - being ,  and the organization for economic co - operation and development is drawing up guidelines so its members  ( mostly the rich ,  industrialized countries )  can produce “well - being data” . "
"by the time i left the aircraft ,  i have to see the evacuation was complete ,  as the last person off the aircraft - the aircraft was surrounded by rescue vessels and the rescue of everyone aboard was well underway . "
it is suitable for use in multi  -  head flame straight strip cutting machines control multi  -  strip cutting machines . 
"she feels it ' s hard to predict when the market will bottom out ,  just as you can ' t predict when a stock has  "" bottomed out ""  until it has started to rise again . "
"cof  . n )  bucked the trend ,  however ,  as its annualized net charge -  off rate rose to 9 . 83 percent in july from 9 . 73 percent in june ,  but beat analysts expectations . "
"in a world where media is global ,  social ,  ubiquitous and cheap , "
i used my brother as a comparison . 
i would try to pick up something . 
" "" aftershock ""  set its first box office record on its release day when it earned 36 . 2 million yuan  -  the highest box office ever for a local movie on its opening day . "
the electrochemical process of 4  -  chlorophenol with graphite rods electrodes under different conditions was studied . 
"without waiting for answer she scooped up nim ' s glass and replenished it ,  along with her own . "
"and if he comes back ,  we ' il kill him . "
"the young man drew the bill of fare from his pocket ,  and pointed to a line . "
"the actor coasts through with a rakish beard ,  content to gaze at his co -  star in sleepy ,  worshipful surprise for 107 minutes . "
" "" the motor vibrates a diaphragm that vibrates the air in immediate contact with it ,  producing a sound wave corresponding to the pattern of the original speech ,  music ,  or other acoustic signal .  "" "
"a :  if mr .  roberts cannot make the payment before the due date ,  mr .  tay will forfeit the deposit . "
"the communist party of china’s exercising power democratically mainly involves the following dimensional relations of democracy :  democratic governance and national democracy ,  democratic governance and the inner - party democracy ,  democratic governance and the democracy between the ruling party and the party participant in government and political affairs ,  democratic governance and the grass - roots democracy . "
"he was taken prisoner ,  and the whole time he was there they tortured him about food . "
"i think what we ' ll do is we ' ll see a successful ,  very successful , "
we hope you will take advantage of this opportunity and thank you all once again for attending the first semicon china seminar on semiconductor used equipment and related services . 
you think i can get rid of them ? 
"when you can ' t help buying ,  buy used books rather than brand new ones . "
"there ' s douglas adams ,  magnificent picture from his book ,   "" last chance to see .  "" "
residents living on yeonpyeong island have been told to evacuate or take shelter . 
"the same goes for parliamentary elections :  the rada ,  ukraine ' s parliament ,  is a nest of scoundrels and oligarchs '  placemen ,  who should be replaced . "
it is better to be at peace with your rivals at the party . 
"kareem won his sixth final mvp award that season ,  which is still an all time record . "
"besides ,  we ' ve been separated for six months . "
so they could keep themselves warm on the surface . 
"they walk around shaking other people’s hands ,  holding babies ,  and handling food and doorknobs . "
"unstructured playtime has always been an important part of  "" being a kid ,  ""  but it is also crucial to a child ' s development .  hovering and over - parenting is linked with psychological problems .   "" free play ""  not only helps kids develop cognitive and social skills ,  it also helps them develop into happy ,  healthy adults in the future . "
it ' s the only place he could sleep . 
that ' s the lastfucking place i wanna go . 
"for class management ,  we should focus on students ,  emphasize their autonomy ,  their initiative and their ability of diy ,  making the purpose ,  analyzing the surroundings ,  looking for the motive power ,  opening the way ,  studying the method and estimating the effect of their growth for themselves ,  to promote the inner experience in the active mood ,  to build a healthy and effective classroom atmosphere and to meet the need for both teachers and students . "
"the first part :  introduction of the researchresearch present situation research technique ,  and of the article structure . "
"how to look cool and feel comfy ?  today ' s fashions ,  such as slinky stilettos ,  skin - tight hipster jeans and cute hand - held purses ,  may look sharp but may not be all that great for your body . "
"don ' t complain ,  but do indulge in a little time to examine your feelings without criticism . "
so in planning to be a professional naturalist  -  - 
"oh ,  what a joy it has been to be a person seeking to tangibilitate compassion . "
"in denver ,  colorado ,  volunteers have been collecting donated items to fill fifteen hundred thanksgiving baskets . "
"husserl "" s phenomenological investigation sheds light on the subtlety of philosophy . here ,  this article tries to expound his theory of intuition ,  adumbrating his thinking of exquisiteness . "
"like ,  why was i so easy to cast aside ? "
your illness is putting you down in the dumps . 
"the archipelago had been the target of portuguese investment mainly in the financial sector–banco esp írito santo ,  banif ,  cr édito agr ícola ,  amongst others–and in real estate and tourism . "
computer supported cooperative editing  ( csce )  is one of the most important application fields in cscw . 
this is my original magic wisdom doro no phase
"when hanson came home at seven o ' clock ,  he was inclined to be a little crusty -  - his usual demeanour before supper .  this never showed so much in anything he said as in a certain solemnity of countenance and the silent manner in which he slopped about . "
the sun cannot iive alongside the moon
"training :  recruits usually enter the army as a private first class ,  after completing 10 weeks of basic training . "
sounds to me like this is your crucial year . 
"and that means that ,  maybe if we tweak it a little bit , "
together with a grain offering of a tenth of an ephah of fine flour mixed with a quarter of a hin of oil from pressed olives . 
"so i propose this algorithm ,  this program ,  this process for counting people in this room . "
"it ' s something that we have to do over and over again ,  that is ,  making up the world . "
no one has a few hours to wait around just to find out that things are working well  ( or not )  . 
"well ,  how aboutcameron meyer and jared brenner ? "
orthophotographs usually do not include contours as shown on topographic maps . 
"chen has some suggestions on how to keep up with job postings .  first ,  make good use of the university ' s job bbs and career center .  many colleges offer job services and online aid at “all hours” .  also ,  you can take part in job fairs .  many large fairs are scheduled for march .  a routine search of popular job sites just might turn up new discoveries .  “the rule is to not let one small ray of hope go , ” chen said . "
"killed four rangers ,  three cops ,  one civilian . "
it must also publish independently verified reports on its social and environmental impact alongside its financial results . 
" "" for in the old days ,  though she had young men ' s praise and old men ' s blame ,  among the poor ,  both old and young gave her praise .  "" "
methods metal core insertion was to stall sterility steel wire into urethral catheter and fold into fit shape .  then inserted urethral catheter to urinary bladder . 
"flash forward to two weeks later ,  the morning of our departure to san francisco . "
the proceeds of the robbery is laundered through a bank in the caribbean . 
extrusion die design for compound triple  -  layer plastic pipe by two extruding machines is introduced . 
"instead ,  he remained under the supervision of police in the capital until 2004 when the prison sent representatives to beijing to escort him back to the prison . "
"acting result in outcome ,  result represents the value of all outcomes . "
"the poor are covered by medicaid ,  a joint federal and state program . "
general bulgakov is calling the shots now . 
"she said that if legalizing the rhino trade to save the rhinos may sound too good to be true ,  it most likely is . "
"we can only make them ,  quote ,   "" pirates .  ""  and is that good ? "
this is the biggest place i ' ve ever seen . 
data transmission and return with asp and nds technologies . 
you don ' t realize what the things you do mean . 
"if the tl version to be installed is previous to aix 5 . 3 tl10 and aix 6 . 1 tl3 ,  make sure all interim fixes  ( ifix )  have been removed from the system . "
"2 .  protecting the legal interests by the principles ,  namely ,  punishing the acts which breaches the public order deliberately by the common article . "
the 76th anniversary of the birth of martin luther king jr .  was commemorated in the church where he preached and in the neighborhood where he grew up . 
"jenna ,  could i talk to you a tiny sec ? "
"i ' m sorry ,  james .   - don ' t you fucking call me that . "
they sort of met in the middle . 
and all of you need to have it embedded in your brains
"well ,  this whole thing was kind of a disaster . "
the first sequence is all about madness and mischief as a single mother  ( zhuo yun )  drives her devoted son  ( jaycee chan )  to distraction with her daredevil antics in pursuit of tranquility . 
that just taking a field and banging all these things out
it’s also something you would say to someone when you want them to be aware . 
"at the end of each day ,  i like to reflect and see what i can do to become a better person . "
"well ,  they could belong to mr .  henderson . "
in many countries it is considered rude to spit in public . 
we have to finish strong in there whether the refs call a foul or not . 
my one shot at high school nirvana is blown . 
"so finish your tour today ,  then take some time off .  .  .  in lieu of disciplinary action . "
"i ' m at ,  uh .  .  .  58 . 37 degrees north ,  134 . 58 degrees west . "
"such a cool invigorating sky and he had such a broad chest ,  yet he felt suffocated . "
"favourite desserts are chocolate cream pie and ,  of course ,  an ice cream sundae with hot fudge sauce . "
i know what it ' s like to have everyone think i was weird . 
"only 5 %  came back after nationality verification . ” activists say the nationality verification program ,  while well intentioned ,  is cumbersome ,  too expensive and opens migrants and their children to abuse . "
"someone once asked me ,   "" who is better or worse , "
mr .  smith has been asked to arbitrate between the employers and their workers . 
mr .  wu said it was ms .  zong ' s gentle nature that won him over . 
"there were more than 100 new billionaires on the forbes list this year .  the total net worth of their holdings :  a stunning  $ 2 . 2 trillion .  it was a good year to be in internet technology ,  if your names are sergey brin and larry page ,  the two young founders of google . "
"but other times they ' re not ,  and you have only probabilities for different outcomes . "
"she says that “this service”  -  this train  -  “runs daily . ” so ,  it leaves chicago once a day ,  or at least once a day . "
we never got to finish last night . 
your body mass index is not what it ' s supposed to be . 
8 .  identify a role model and send them a handwritten invitation to lunch . 
"in developed economies such as in europe and the united states ,  the report says more efficient farming practices ensure that more of the food produced reaches consumers . "
"sales letters are used to introduce products or services to consumers .  as such ,  sales letters tend to use formal letter structures and are rather impersonal because they are sent to more than one person .  sales letters often ask readers to consider a  "" pain point ""  - a problem that a person needs solved ,  and then introduce a product that will provide the solution .  it ' s important to quickly move to your sales pitch in your sales letter as most readers will understand that your sales letter is a form of advertising .  sales letters also often include an offer to encourage customers to try the product .  it ' s important that these offers are clear and provide a useful service to the reader . "
people who are shy or reserved are archetypal “risk avoiders ” in social settings . 
"up to now ,  it has not been known what factors and mechanisms can decipher the reasons of pd .  it seems that environmental and genetic factors play some important roles during the procedure . "
here ' s some very cool stuff that we saw  -  - 
"then later development ,  if these operational spacecraft in the sky ,  its threat to you ,  you have the ability to play down to it ,  it may be necessary to further ,  that is ,  from the ground to play . "
and you can see that that trend is continuing . 
as a label for what most people would call atheist . 
could almost be a diagram of the way we work . 
"she did not dare affront him ,  for she understood the pride of artists . "
"vivo chairman roberto lima has already revealed that the company plans to invest on the project 1 . 08 billion reals ( us $  502 . 37 million )  ,  of which 900 million reals ( us $  418 . 64 million will be paid to suppliers . "
three of them moved their operations to the north during the war . 
"spell smell !  very well ,  the well - being for human being will swell . "
they fought their oppressors with all kinds of weapons . 
an affirmative acknowledgement reply in binary synchronous communication .  it is the response to the second transmission block and successive even - numbered blocks . 
half of the time it ' s sudden cardiac death  -  - 
guess what happened to my traffic when i put up more ads and donation links . 
"all chatting to each other ,  not understanding a word , "
"such people are ones that you turn to for guidance ,  knowledge and apropos wisdom about life . "
and we ' ve spent a lot of time in the field .  it ' s been a fantastic amount of work . 
"and in a no  -  computer environment ,  you really should only rely on hand  -  writing . "
" "" you see saudi kids who dress western ,  hang out at the mall ,  surf the internet looking for pornography ,  ""  said a western diplomat who requested anonymity . "
"boon ,  right .  .  .  however only the that ' s right half . "
"if the regime is under pressure on the battlefield ,  it may be more willing to negotiate a proper ceasefire ,  or even ,  if people are tired of war ,  mr assad ' s departure . "
we have visions like this .  we have visions like this . 
add code to determine whether you can process any unknown soap headers . 
"they know they are usually the smartest person in the room ,  but they don ' t spend their time dwelling on that .  instead ,  they take it as a personal challenge to see if they can make everyone else the smartest person in the room too . "
"more recently ,  that power is untethering and leaping off the desktops , "
"eating muffins ,  bread ,  sugar cereal or juice does the opposite . "
"stand in front of a tv armed with a gesture technology camera ,  and you can turn on the set with a soft punch into the air . "
" "" you are going to learn to recite this whole thing .  "" "
"his courses in marketing ,  human  -  resource management and leadership equipped him well to size up opportunities and run a startup . "
it ' s like a fancy way of saying i ' m a librarian . 
she did not make a phone call to me . 
"if only rtk surveying and mapping ,  you can save a built figure root control this middle link ,  saving a lot of time ,  human and financial resources ,  as well as around  - the -  clock observation . "
"mr .  saito ,  this isn ' t your typicalcorporate espionage . "
first you need to put it in gear . 
"china doesn ' t have sketchy mortgages like those that infected the u . s .  market at its peak ,  nor home - equity loans that let owners finance shopping sprees on the value of their homes .  chinese financiers haven ' t put together arcane mortgage - backed securities such as those that blew up in the u . s . "
i ' ve always wanted to have my own child . 
"tail like that ,  man can live without ,  i suppose . "
"he said progress is being made in the war on terror ,  even though a new u . s .  government report showed an increase in terrorist activity over the last year . "
"as the economy and the banks grow in scale and size ,  the costs of repeating the long - standing boom  -  bust cycle grow higher . "
"how am i going to tell  ' em ,  tony ? "
we ' re right in the middle of reorganizing . 
as wise as master yoda and .  .  .  as powerful as master windu . 
both england and the united states grabbed five points from three matches but the latter boasts more goals . 
judging by the crowds waiting to get in this seems to be where it ' s at . 
"before signing off with yoursignature ,  be clear about what you want the recipient to do . "
"and then this kind of twist ,  with this balcony and the skirt , "
"emily :  i ' m emily yoffe ,  slate ' s dear prudence advice columnist .  and this is manners for the digital age . "
you called this number on a dead guy ' s phone . 
"for in asia ,  says an official ,  japan is playing “a huge great game” in which it must compete with a rising china and a newly confident russia for resources ,  power and prestige . "
that i feel demonstrate the storytelling power of photography . 
7 .  dress up in silly costumes for an event . 
"but also to sustain this new emergence of on - demand publishers , "
go into the back and lock the door . 
"the ifc statement also said that the organisation would work closely with seven partners to implement its programme in mozambique ,  including the escola superior de neg ócios e empreendedorismo de chibuto business school ,  eduardo mondlane university and the investment society ( gapi )  ,  to help organise educational events ,  adapt content ,  manage training activities ,  ensure their quality ,  supervise and evaluate the impact of the training . "
you got the whole thingon you now . 
they came to us and they said  -  -  unlike normal developers  -  - 
"meanwhile ,  ssndr is ca - pable of domestic broadcast of natural disaster data and com - munication for disaster relief command and dispatch . "
"the problem with the peace sign is that ,  for the most part ,  everyone is standing around symbolizing instead of getting out and doing .  if you want peace ,  make it happen  -  don ' t just symbolize it . "
we found that most people are favourable to the idea . 
the way the pigment is configured inside the plastic ensures the security of the data . 
"due to our release ,  through factories and automobiles every year , "
"the tweets ,  the photos ,  the videos ,  the blog posts  -  - "
"drr was created by ray  -  tracing ,  and surface was built by the library of opengl . "
"when i was your age ,  i suppose . "
"you know ,  when i went back to afghanistan after 23 years , "
"the centre has signed agreements with both the chinese and vietnamese governments to rescue 700 bears from bile farms ,  and bring them to their sanctuaries . "
"in fact ,  they seem to be very unmusical entirely"
"so ,  i guess it is a result of globalization that you can find"
"it is best to provide concrete examples of where you learnt the skills necessary for the job ,  so include some information from your work experience and studies . "
"the board ' s presiding director ,  lee raymond ,  told shareholders to ' stay tuned '  for potential changes to the makeup of the risk committee . "
"i ' m going to starve him ,  starting from now . "
"apple said it acquired the ipad name in china in 2009 when it bought rights from a proview affiliate in taiwan for about  $ 55 , 000 .  but a court ruling in december found that proview shenzhen ,  which registered the ipad trademark on the mainland in 2001 ,  was not bound by that sale ,  even though it was part of the same company . "
to empathize with and to think about other peoples '  point of view . 
the improving clamp on the machining body of the cuneiform ball valve
"aca  -  igg to sbp and dbp ,  hs  -  crp to sbp and dbp showed positive linear correlationship . "
"the idea was to  -  -  because everybody overlooks white  -  -  like pencil drawings ,  you know ? "
"is something that will become even bigger in the future , "
mike was stopped at the barrier because he forgot to show his ticket . 
"your daughter knows you disapprove of the way she is raising her children ,  and that could be part of the problem . "
"the modern chinese "" hua ""  wortfamilie are not only aggregative words regarding "" hua ""  as the morpheme ,  but also the morpheme - semantic meaning network forms at the core of "" hua "" meanings . "
today 54 percent of people who are writers in america are women . 
enough explosives to level a city block . 
"then ,  the economy was about to nose -  dive and gold miners were grappling with issues like renewing reserves ,  controlling costs and struggling to put projects into production . "
"according to projections ,  following the work the port of beira will once again be able to receive ships of up to 60 , 000 dwt ( deadweight tonnage )  . "
katie :  i can’t believe we’re eating all of this junk food . 
together with the rebelling workers from all of russia
a visa permitting a non  -  citizen to remain in australia indefinitely . 
"when she heard that her son died in the war ,  she was out like a light . "
what we wanted to do is we wanted to make a fuel
do you remember what it was like before most developers jumped on the code quality bandwagon ? 
the fins on the door were left open to let air pass through . 
"ms .  kearns chooses papers made from recycled materials ,  often with colors made from soy ink . "
we have already established that light may be treated as a transverse electromagnetic wave . 
"in the days when an ice cream sundae cost much less ,  a 10 - year - old boy entered a hotel coffee shop and sat at a table"
bow and crossbow is the most in common use in ancient times . 
"though the scientific theory has being improving constantly ,  the scientific tradition is stability comparably . "
we ' il enter his subconscious and find out what he doesn ' t want you to know . 
"it ' s just this whole thingmakes me think about rome ,  and when i think about rome ,  i think about you and .  .  . "
" "" even if you can ' t name the objects ,  just point to where the objects are ,  "" "
"hurry ,  run or we won ' t get away ! "
it was so easy for you to leave . 
"we all  (  ?  )  know the four  -  letter words fuck ,  cunt ,  cock ,  arse ,  shit ,  piss ,  and fart . "
"humans  -  -  the animal  -  -  are pretty lucky creatures because ,  by and large , "
"physical properties :  hard tightness ,  high density ,  little radiation ,  high polished degree ,  anti  -  acid and alkali resistance etc . "
"a cover letter ,  or motivation letter ,  is almost a standard requirement when applying for international jobs . "
"even if we manage to overcome the paralysis and make a choice , "
"and more hikes may be needed ,  he says ,  as the economy continues to grow . "
i couldn ' t stop laughing because of your uncle ! 
"one is black and the other is transparent ,  yet they ’re both made up of the same carbon atoms with the same electrons . "
"eventually people may start to get the real message of the links between the country’s prosperity ,  openness ,  relative political freedom and lively - if nakedly commercial - popular culture . "
"as a child ,  we ate daily ,  then enjoei . "
"but experts in asian affairs say if the president thinks he can go the beijing olympics as just another sports fan ,  he is very mistaken . "
he threw the cigarette down and ground it under his heel . 
detailed preparations for the handover at the nation ' s foreign affairs agency are already underway . 
"now ,  africa is the most tropical continent on the planet  -  - "
"you can mispronounce  ' nadir '  and  ' banal '  for the rest of your life ,  and it ' s ok ,  because nobody really knows how to pronounce  ' nadir '  or  ' banal .  ' "
"with the end of the iraqi war ,  the united states '  policy against iran will make the diplomatic method prior to the intelligence strike . "
it ' s about a hundred metres along .  you can find the train station on your right . 
"do not use on linoleum ,  cloth ,  plexiglas ,  plastics ,  asphalt floors and similar . "
we ' re learning that they probably have a language in the wild . 
"on aug .  6 , 1945 ,  a nuclear bomb was dropped on hiroshima ,  japan . "
he said xuelong will do its utmost to approach the trapped russian ship in the first place after communication . 
"hey ,  do you guys want some more ,  uh ,  wine ? "
"in theory ,  regulatory negotiation can provide a superior format for encouraging cooperation rather than confrontation . "
"it ' s just that i ' m two years older than you ,  and the only one i ' ve come even close to kissing is stevie . "
you can be a motherfucker at your own risk . 
"and yes ,  by the way ,  it is fast food :  it ' s sloppy joes , "
i ' m going to get you on the team . 
but the wind blew it out of my hand . 
"you may scan me without subterfuge ,  commander data . "
"it ' s great because once you understand and accept this truth ,  you can move forward with your life . "
"i almost blinded jamie lee curtis on freaky friday ,  okay ? "
"to find out ,  he showed 40 new volunteers the clips he had used in the previous experiment . "
"friction wears away metal in the moving parts ,  which shorte their working life . "
i keep running into the air base . 
let me just say it is enormous . 
"rail in a court ,  behind which the lawyer and public have to stand or sit . "
the horizontal axis represents time and shows the lifecycle aspects of the process . 
don ' t be put off by his gruff exterior ;  he ' s really very kind underneath . 
"unlike many italian kids of that age ,  we made helmets mandatory from day one . "
"we ' re gonna go by her house tomorrow ,  too . "
be nice to see him take an interest in a woman
you weigh 90 pounds because it makes you healthier ? 
no one on earth could be less rude . 
"now ,  people like things that have ,  like ,  names like that , "
"sweden ,  the country i come from ,  has other examples , "
mr grunwald does not attempt to deny that ;  it is simply that he has no problem with it . 
"we can invite partners who can support us ,  but we have to start . "
"i ' ve just spilled some soup on my best dress ,  and we ' re leaving first thing the day after tomorrow .  how on earth can i get it cleaned ? "
just say what i told you to say . 
and what really drives me is a vision of the future
you three are to escort their highnesses back to their tents immediately . 
the excerpt below includes only portions of code that have changed from the previous example . 
and her teeth are up here and down here  -  - 
and i was taking care of people who were dying and their families
"however ,  life is a long distance run with many hills ,  turns ,  and obstacles . "
but you have to let him suck you on your neck whenever he wants . 
i don ' t have the luxury of dropping everything . 
"as usual ,  we should require of you an l / c to be issued through a first - rate bank . "
all you ever wanted was for me to die . 
"this is why we have to solve our problems , "
"and somewhere in the process turn it back over to the national park , "
i ' d like to see the fine print . 
"another example :  about ten years ago ,  someone stole my car  -  someone took it from me without my permission  -  they stole it .  this is true ,  actually ;  it happened here in los angeles . "
not as long as you insist on living in the past ! 
"when we got there ,  we just went in the street , "
"“so that afghanistan never again harbors terrorists that can attack us at home and so that afghans can look forward to a better future in a stable region ,  ""  he said . "
we may accept your price only if you can make an earlier shipment . 
every generation seems to require its own set of words todescribefamiliar objects and events . 
"we hope that our love can nourish every life ,  moisten every soul ,  and establish a new era of human lives . "
 # could you supply me with a quote for the following project ? 
sitting across the desk puts a barrier between you and who you are meeting with . 
we should strengthen regulation and prevent and defuse financial risks so as to provide better banking services for economic and social development . 
"he didn ' tknow where i was ,  who i was with . "
it turns out there ' s a lot we can learn from coral . 
42 .  the contract has to be signed in the presence of two witnesses . 
"the result show that optimum ph of the granulate sludge is 7 . 0—7 . 5 feed on formate and acetate ,  about 7 . 0 on butyrate ,  by comparing the metabolic rate of these substrates ,  the experiment proves that the metabolic rate of acetic acid is the limiting step in the course of degrading organic acid to methane by granulate sludge . "
"first ,  said bower ,   ' the successful consultant has a personality that causes most people to like him .  ' "
"finally ,  we need to be presented with a clear point of action . "
this allowed people to get certain food supplies under the planned economy .  low agricultural production meant insufficient food supplies and a quota system and the coupons were a means of distribution .  the quota system lasted to the early  ' 90s .  the tickets are now the stuff of collectors . 
you emerge from the bowels of the subway into the blinding sunlight …and realize you have no idea where you are . 
diva asked steven to act a professor in this programme . 
mr serratt defines addiction as something that you go on doing despite the consequences . 
but let ' s go out on a limb and say there aren ' t many who would quibble with the description of china as money  -  obsessed . 
and then starting to jump up and down on his bike
one bag and i ' il toss in a licorice whip . 
i think we ' d probably just call aaa . 
this story may strike a chord for other women in the same situation . 
"it is already well ,  i am . "
it is conceivable that they knew about it beforehand . 
"egypt ' s highest courts went on strike wednesday in protest of the president ' s decrees ,  vowing to stop their work until the a constitutional court rules on mr .  morsi ' s order granting himself immunity from judicial review . "
"you must still be careful of wasps ,  but you don ' t have to bother making a web . "
"dwi reveals the accurate site of lesion earlier than traditional images ,  which indicates a better correlation between symptoms and etiology of stroke ,  and considerable improvement in patient care . "
"it was a devastating blow for ukraine ' s army as it pursues ,  what it calls ,  an anti - terror operation to rest back control from pro - russia groups . "
" ?  my song of life ,  yes ,  my song of love ,  my song of life ,  my song of love  -  -   ? "
"had great science - fiction concepts of what the underworld was like , "
"and what we think in schizophrenia is there are genes of predisposure , "
"even when i wasliving like a gypsy ,  running from movie to movie ,  living out of a suitcase ,  ithink i always had a dream of this family life ,  a vision of it off in thefuture . "
"although the outbreak of war may be delayed ,  we cannot consider only this possibility but should also prepare for the possibility that some countries may want to fight a big war ,  and soon . "
"send the letter to tom brown ,  the president of johnson company . "
what else and how can we say about a q ? 
"and the truth be told ,  this is it ,  isn ' t it ? "
"and no ,  no one on the staff will ever  "" assist ""  you . "
let me take you out for a cup of coffee then . 
could you maybe bring me some secret toast andjam ? 
"silicone supplier dow corning plans to evaluate 15 new business - related ideas generated by the 20 employees it has sent to india since september 2010 ,  says laura asiala ,  director of corporate citizenship .  ms .  asiala declined to discuss specifics ,  but says the company has '  identified opportunities '  in affordable housing ,  energy and other sectors ,  thanks to volunteers '  observations . "
"or ,   "" you ' re perfect ,  it ' s just i have to work on myself .  "" "
the election will be brought forward to june instead of july . 
it is expected to set the developing world ' s agenda on reducing carbon emissions . 
so i could put up movies or anything i like . 
just give me a minute to figure things out . 
"a local official literally prostrated himself in the street , "
"if you want money ,  go earn it . "
"in august 2008 ,  vale ,  which sells most of its iron ore to steel makers in china ,  contracted chinese company rongsheng shipbuilding and heavy industries ,  of jiangsu ,  to build 12 cargo ships ,  which will be partially paid by loans . "
"why it came to be in the way it did for many ,  many years . "
i am choosing solely men who aim only to expend themselves or whom i see to be expending themselves . 
he is also ruining operation sex for every bridesmaid . 
"it ' s fine ,  probably that old trick were ,  your parents know you spend that the night .  .  .  at jared ' s house ,  and your parents don ' t realize that his parents are not at home .  .  . "
"we can only make them ,  quote ,   "" pirates .  ""  and is that good ? "
"don ' t be afraid to say no to expansion opportunities .  decide what key success factor a new location must meet -  -  whether that ' s foot traffic or drive - by traffic or the presence of a cluster of similar stores -  - and if you ' re not going to be able to satisfy those criteria ,  don ' t go there .  consider southwest airlines as an example .  one reason they ' re so successful is that they ' ve said no to expansion opportunities if there wasn ' t enough demand on a particular route to make it worthwhile . "
"it might look like jype has left the door open for sun mi ' s return by carefully wording it as if she is just taking a temporary leave of absence as she pursue her studies .  but with the replacement in 17 year old hae lim also mentioned in this already shocking announcement ,  you wonder…"
is the formation of darling birthmark caught with the marcel when be pregnant hair concern ? 
watch the fingers grab .  the thumb comes up .  wrist . 
a little mouse and a big lion live in the forest . 
"the  "" you can call me rayjay ""  bit . "
how would we behave in this kind of thought experiment ? 
"people are more likely to see a bargain in a product that has been reduced by 20 %  ,  and then by an additional 25 %  ,  than one which has been subject to an equivalent ,  one - off ,  40 %  reduction . "
eight of nine other factors tested came no where close in influencing repeat visitors . 
"combined model matching formula ,  a multi  -  model switching method based on online identification was put forward . "
don ' t forget :  creativity starts when you cut a zero from your budget . 
"one firm unlikely to feature on their list is blackrock ,  an investment manager whose name rings few bells outside financial circles . "
wong kar wai almost missed his own movie screening at the cannes film festival this year . 
"the master mr .  zhao have engaged himself in researching how to regress tibetan mastiff to the original conditions ,  which has profound significance to the development of tibetan mastiff . "
"have already taken off in many places in europe ,  and are a great example . "
bet she ' s all stretched out and waiting '  for ya . 
"she created a bit of a fuss by originally calling this book  "" ten little niggers ""   -  the name was changed to the current and then there were none so that it is not offensive towards afro  -  americans . "
to spend most of your time in the day . 
"but during interviews ,  zhang was not as bold as the students at the gree campus recruitment who asked directly about days off and overtime payments . "
"i mean ,  that ' s why we love the tour ,  isn ' t it ? "
edward 1 banned the wearing ofarmourin parliament in 1279 – and it ' s still a crime to do so . 
i think you better come up here
"i mean ,  i ' m the same girl ,  but it ' s not at all the same situation . "
i got some more dirt from my friend in texas . 
"in iowa ,  michael ott says that next generation of biofuels is on the way .   "" i firmly believe that corn - based ethanol is the initial solution .  it ' s not the last thing that we ' re going to make .  it works well .  it is a supplement that ' s taking a small percentage of the market .  but it ' s giving us the infrastructure ,  it ' s giving us the access to modify the process to make bigger and better things ,  ""  he said . "
"you know ,  just to bang it out . "
" "" it is genuinely incredible how you have built your business"
"rabe will join the party ,  becoming head of the local party branch in nanking . "
they had to take him down to elmhurst hospital . 
objective :  finding the indices for syndrome differentiation of cold  -  dampness due to spleen insufficiency in taiyin disease . 
one third of parents said their children have been left in tears after hearing the gruesome details of little red riding hood . 
there is a whole world of anxiety and disillusion behind those bald employment figures . 
objective to summarize the clinical nursing characteristic of tsutsugamushi disease . 
"communist party of china ' s new thought route takes our party a theory innovation achievement .  it is a profound philosophy proposition ,  among them manifests in the development relations in rationale and so on above marxism ontology , epistemology and materialistic dialectics . "
"i can tell you anything ,  and you don ' t judge me . "
always attend the last lecture of a semester when the lecturer will summarize all of the key points . 
but when you look into the sun they almost look green . 
"on a practical note ,  try to find time to take a real break away from your work . "
"if all of you upset him and her ,  a ballot paper can break him and her friends . "
this is the most recent major report on bottled water safety . 
"i told your husband ,  board isn ' t free . "
"these exploits could range from stealing credit card information from small vendors to even more dramatic forms of theft ,  many of them easily circumventing external security measures such as the semi - closed payments network .  botezatu says there have been reports of an atm exploit through a mobile phone connected through an atm ' s card reader .  he also cites a legendary stunt by the security expert barnaby jack at the black hat security conference in 2010 ,  where he demonstrated a  "" jackpotting ""  hack that easily emptied an xp - based atm machine .  according to botezatu ,  jack ,  who died in 2013 ,  never revealed the nature of this exploit ,  meaning that it could remain an unpatched vulnerability in xp - based machines . "
"you can say what you want ,  but you can ' t stop me from dreaming . "
and have a look and find out whether your bicycle
"if he ' s smart ,  why is he doing something so fucking stupid ? "
"and there really wasn ' t much to do there for the summer , "
radley balko ' s writing has long been read by people who care about civil liberties . 
"rob :  so even though i did win something ,  i have also lost . "
" "" the government would like to pave the way for saudi investors to go abroad to use their experience ,  know -  how and money to invest in such countries in order to bring produce here ,  ""  he told reuters . "
i thought you ' d be thrilled about that . 
this model can meet both the requirement of students '  ability and students '  actuality . 
"95 percent of the people we kill need to be killed ,  right ? "
just staying alive is an act of faith . 
can you bring it in tomorrow or something ? 
"after a year ,  you can ' t get insurance on everything you have in it , "
there ' s someone who ' s been lookin for me . 
that politician won the presidential election campaign and became the president . 
i told him it had a phone . 
"you find a lot of other distractions ,  but you don ' t find managers and meetings . "
"in 1967 ,  the who embarked on what was an outrageous program"
because we ' re going to play through every generation of this creature . 
this is my mother and aunt teaching donna how to ride a bike . 
"santos said that this initial stage of work would include drainage and levelling of the ground ,  for placing artificial grass at the national football academy sports complex ,  located on the outskirts of sao tome . "
"kpn would also get a small stake in the enlarged telefónica deutschland ,  two people close to the situation said ,  while telefónica would end up with a stake of more than 50 per cent in a combined entity that has an enterprise value of about €16bn . "
"if i were the millinare ,  i would buy this boat . "
"but not until i have restored you to what is yours , "
i just want to say i appreciate how open you were . 
"the new numbers “could be” honest numbers ,  said robert hardy ,  who writes the geostrat newsletter . "
candice says she gets her inspiration from “everyday life . ”
"one of the problems we ' re facing is ,  in my view , "
it was put in place to help protect the space shuttle from bird strike damage . 
it does not offer an escape for the intellectual ailment . 
so who did the two guys from providence ? 
my friend boomer hooked me up with a job at the mercedes dealership on route 30 . 
but this is what happens to most of the computers . 
i ' ve heard that lawsuits take a long time .  is that true with malpractice cases ? 
"it was tolerant ,  open and fair .  to some of his co - religionists ,  he went too far . "
"you know ,  you ' re not alone ,  mr .  sanford . "
it ' s not worth ruining a whole car to do it . 
"reapplying of foundation or blush over your morning makeup will clog your pores and as a result cause irritation ,  pimples and acne . "
"the ironic thing is that while it has become known as one of america ' s worst nuclear accidents ,  nothing much really happened .  no one died ,  and the facility itself is still going strong . "
"well ,  let me put it this way . "
then he only gives us the most basic medical treatment . 
it was painful for him to renounce his son . 
most mothers tell their children not to play with fire . 
"“it incomprehensibly excludes brazil ,  ”said carlos loureiro ,  responsible for taxation at deloitte ,  but as this is one of the main targets of portuguese investment ,  jaime esteves of pricewaterhousecoopers said it would be“the next step . ”"
"denny ,  there ' s no way you could ' ve known who he was ,  so just forget it . "
these investors seem simply to be agreeing to convert into the next round no matter what the terms of the next round are . 
"and when you ' re done with those ,  you could refill it with new titles . "
"and mantis shrimp are called  "" mantis shrimp ""  after the praying mantises , "
"i know it ' s shocking ,  right ,  that architecture would actually say that . "
this is the pet for you if you want to get a head . 
"behavior is babyish ,  foolish ,  messy ,  mental symptom is rich and changeful . "
"but you meet this beekeeper ,  and i met this beekeeper here , "
what do you mean you could fix me ? 
"though mr putin says he wants to strengthen trade ,  instability is unlikely to be in short supply over the coming months . "
used to jump up in the may bach and roll out . 
mrs merkel thought it would reduce german influence over eads and shift jobs out ofgermany . 
"still ,  i was unprepared for the many lunches and dinners where my friends and i cried —and for the look on my best friend ' s face at my going - away party . "
"ah ,  the joys of the airport .  the tregonnings were en route from new zealand to india and opted for a long layover at singapore ' s changi international airport just so they could play . "
and here we are behind the scenes with brad and abby cairn . 
"but then ,  over time ,  i have come to understand that this is who she is . "
"with just six months of wear women could saddle themselves with a lifetime of foot deformities ,  backache and pain in their feet . "
"if you ' re a good listener or advice giver ,  reach out to someonewho needs some guidance . "
"the babies ,  carolina and pablo ,  grew into bright and healthy children ,  閳 ? by some accounts ,  they knew they were adopted . "
"sometimes the tricksters will emulate ancestors ,  soul ,  earth or nature . "
"gaoyang county is known for the textile town ,  goyang homespun famous at home and abroad . "
"they say ,   "" upon this loom ,  i weave my life .  "" "
it ' s hard to readjust  ( oneself )  to life in britain after working abroad . 
"you need anything ,  you let me know . "
as soon as you get to the assembly point send up a red flare . 
" "" sarkozy even ran for office with the nickname of ' the american ,  '  and made no secret of the fact that he wanted to patch up relations  -  not only patch up relations with the united states ,  but that he admired the united states ,  ""  he said . "
"with assets in 18 countries ,  petrobras is the company with the largest number of foreign workers ,  around 17 , 200 spread over south america ,  united states ,  asia and africa . "
"the risk of a cascading failure of the good ,  the bad and the ugly among financial institutions was apparent . "
"the scheme is already in use with one council ,  is being introduced by another and is under consideration by up to 180 more . "
i can ' t speak for other people here . 
that ' s the kind of girl you go dinner and a movie with . 
i like bury’s motto :  vincit omnia industria  ( hard work overcomes everything )  and i like blackburn rovers’ arte et labore  ( by skill and hard work )  even more . 
"yeah ,  nice guy ,  but he ' s a loser . "
he ' s probably goingto the bathroom for the 80th time . 
security officials have confirmed that several foreigners were killed and more than 20 injured . 
"hubei blue sky salt and chemical plant applies the process of extracting sodium sulfate by hot method to the brine containing glauber salt which results in fluctuation in salt quality and difficulty in producing first - grade salt .  by improving the process ,  salt quality and rate of first - class product are greatly enhanced . "
the number of adults aged 20 to 44 taking pills to help them fall asleep has doubled in the last four years . 
abatement needs to happen where it is most efficient . 
and frankly when we just go out and want to move around . 
thats just talk from the old times . 
the airplane carrying 239 passengers and crew members disappeared on march 8th . 
the second time i interviewed him was during the 2008 beijing olympics . 
the founding act of his new order was to redraw a frontier using arguments that could be deployed to inflame territorial disputes in dozens of places around the world . 
"he says someone with a flair for cocktail party conversation ,  a witticism ,  would say this .  he gives it to us ,  but he frames it as an affectation of style . "
i know you ' re goanna be happy together . 
"one area of experimentation is to offer broadband along with a light television package ,  as several cable providers are doing in certain markets ,  to appeal to wallet - wise youngsters . "
tales of grotesque serpents eight fathoms long that churned the seas ;  twisted into monstrous shapes . 
it is important to maximize the saturated throughput of 802 . 11 dcf for fully utilizing wireless bandwidth . 
chelsea now tackle korean side suwon bluewings before taking on david beckham ' s la galaxy . 
"now ,  initially ,  on coming into the white house , "
and children who grow up in bilingual households have a distinct advantage over their peers . 
"because ,  like sunglasses ,  it conceals and reveals at the same time . "
"if we ' re going to get that ,  and make that gas station possible , "
our neighbour tried to make away with himself by drinking poison . 
"moves the caret after the last non  -  white space character on the line ,  extending the selection . "
"combined with a strong humane ,  romantic and rational spirit ,  the stylistics of the han dynasty ' s literature cover straightforwardness ,  authenticity ,  primitive simplicity ,  vigor and magnificence . "
fill in one application form to sent or faxed to local post offices for application . 
"now ,  assuming the event goes ahead at all ,  it could turn into a brawl . "
"each week ,  this program explains the many meanings of english expressions . "
"sierra club and the nrdc ,  once people saw the film , "
"this works because muscle is what we call  "" metabolically active tissue .  ""  that means it requires more energy to maintain ,  in comparison to fat tissue .  so ,  the more muscle you have ,  the more calories you will burn ,  even at rest . "
" "" i was in my bed when my daughter called me and told me what was happening . "
"so we can see where it ' s emerging here ,  like president ford , "
"our calculation results showed that f ,  f +  and f2 +  -  -  center in mgo crystal introduced defect energy levels in the forbidden gap .  the calculated absorption energies for f and f +  -  center were 4 .  67ev and 4 .  66ev ,  respectively .  also ,  big photoelectron energies were required for f and f +  -  - centers . "
"luanda ,  angola ,  28 june–angolan private public transport company macon will begin renewing its fleet of buses in august using brazilian and chinese buses ,  the company ' s operations manager ,  willian aparecido silva told angolan news agency angpop . "
"by definition ,  an aphrodisiac arouses or intensifies sexual desire ,  and no herb or witch ' s potion has been proven to do so . "
a gift from one of the orphans . 
what kind of website does he have ? 
the same boundaries that apply to everyone apply to me . 
erika haas was a doctor at the hospital . 
"barbaric warriors ,  mad kings ,  and greedy traitors"
"now ,  in a group with so many it people ,  i do have to mention what"
"examples  -  wind in trees ,  waves on a beach ,  water flowing over a waterfall ,  birds flying over head ,  moving clouds . "
"in future ,  personal googlebots could buzz around the house ,  talking constantly to a nest home - automation platform . "
they can torture you .  .  .  and make you say anything . 
"so ,  next time you are really depressed ,  look in the mirror"
"when the price is right ,  we ditch . "
do those who are dead rise up and praise you ? 
"nobody panics when things go  "" according to plan .  "" "
"but tymoshenko ,  with her trademark blond peasant braid ,  also has supporters in brussels ,  the seat of the european union . "
his king  -  dom will then spread throughout the world . 
"and anyway ,  i feel really stupid  .  .  . "
"before i tell that story ,  we should ask ourselves the question : "
i didn ' t know we ' d be dealing with gunfire  -  you had no right . 
"if i had to deal with all the fucking mouth - breathers nonstop ,  without a break , "
"hastings thinks the newly identified species ,  named cerrejonisuchus improcerus ,  would ' ve been easy pickings for titanoboa . "
where will the treasury find all those trillions a depressed world economy ? 
"they ' re not brought to us with light ,  at least not directly . "
i have been watching you for some time
and father francis didn ' t go to the cops after he found out the truth . 
on march 20th america ' s supreme court threw out two medical patents for doing the latter . 
"well ,  we ' ve been trying to reach you since last night . "
"if you said the kentucky derby ,  you ' d be right ! "
how long is it going to take ? 
i didn ' t see you sitting in the dark over there . 
"three eye blunderbuss ,  named god gun in country ,  salute used in funeral . "
people say it is a cheerful and lively color . 
"zoe :  yes ,  you did .  frankly ,  i was really excited about decorating a new house .  i think we would have a ball . "
assignments will be issued in recitation and collected the following week . 
"well ,  i mean ,  there ' s gotta be a few of us in town . "
the thrush is a kind of small singing bird . 
i feel so responsible for what ' s happened to you . 
" "" the ideal life for chinese is to live and work in peace and contentment .  the marriage without a solid material foundation is unstable ,  ""  said wang shuqin ,  a 50 - year - old resident of shijiazhuang . "
secretory factors of bone marrow stromal cells promoting differentiation and survival of pc12 cells
ensure that subsequent corrective action is taken and that results are recorded on the bm with the responsible persons signature of acknowledgement . 
the fire flamed out when the wind blew again . 
"it ' s a hard choice ,  but i say make it . "
showing feelings or crying  ( heaven forbid !  )  was just not done .  so this was a very threatening assignment for some . 
"would we feel happier ,  or safer ,  or more confident in god ?  "" "
"well ,  uh ,  i ' m out ofthe tree house . "
"on portions of its west coast ,  north korean fishing vessels can only go out about five miles before reaching the inter - korean border ,  limiting their ability to fish . "
 ' this is a live project and you are go .  ' 
then shall the trees of the wood sing out at the presence of the lord ， because he cometh to judge the earth . 
"however ,  at a recent event at oxford university ,  twitter cofounder biz stone seemed open to the idea :  “the point is ,  we want to build our own company that will last for a long time . "
this conflicted with views which held that no mineral should be more radioactive than metallic uraniurn . 
these were the low - tech approaches to the high - tech conversations i was having . 
pat on light flesh  -  tone concealer  ( do not rub )  to cover green and achieved flawless finish . 
"there wouldn ' t be much traffic on the interstate on a saturday morning ;  he ' d be able to drop off his haul in rancho cucamonga ,  california ,  by the end of the weekend . "
now you can chase them again .  time to chase them . 
that they actually would go ahead and brush and floss their teeth . 
i can ' tcontrol what they say on television . 
the building we ' re in now is the administration building . 
they ' re in a better position to make that call than you are . 
"uh ,  li ,  we ' re just holding the curtain for 15 minutes . "
it is the epistemology origin that the people confront with nature to violate natural law ; 
"ur means ruler in laputan ,  toelle means true , "
i wanted one of these my whole life . 
to how do you get through all the barriers we have . 
and can ascertain are the foundation of what we know . 
"“but nobody really knows , ” one official hastily added ,  officially ,  this practice does not even exist . "
"this can come across as using your newfound access to gain status or influence with the third party .  the safe bet here is to simply ask for permission first :   "" i thought you two might enjoy a chat for the following reason .  are you interested in connecting ?  "" "
"and if you take those directions ,  then indeed - in your terms - there will be a birth of a new species - a species that understands its blessed creaturehood ,  that understands its spirituality ,  that does not despoil its planet ,  that purposefully creates the kind of world a sane god would create ,  a god who has no need for a heaven or a hell ! "
"armed with an insatiable desire to eat and / or destroy just about everything in their path ,  these walking embodiments of unchecked ego can be a handful . "
wateraid chief executive barbara frost thanked the show ' s cast and producers for their response . 
"today ' s median age of 36  . 5 years is expected to reach 39 by 2030 and then level off ,  a much smaller increase than projected for many other nations . "
all forms of discrimination should be eliminated once and for all . 
"there was a very famous movie called “alien” many years ago ,  about people in space and creatures or people from other planets . "
"my mother was your mother ' s cousin ,  according to uncle max . "
"washington ,  united states ,  2 july–the guinea bissau economy is the second most affected in the world by the“shock ”of international fuel and food prices which ,  on the other hand ,  is benefiting angola ,  a study published tuesday by the international monetary fund ( imf )  showed . "
this is why we have road rage and blog wars . 
"we are living in the most exciting time in history to be a writer ,  to publish your ideas ,  to make a living helping others . "
we can ' t diagnose him while he screams . 
pakistan international airline says it sacked 300 employees over the past six months for faking their academic qualifications . 
"they sent me to prison to lock me up , "
"just to give you a sense of the correlation , "
"and one of the reasons it is so difficult is that ,  unlike aliens and dinosaurs , "
the boys like to swim where the water is deep and swift . 
i now think a network boss is anyone who has a cable modem . 
"everyone from here over ,  go with coach butz . "
i never chased a guy across a crowded square . 
then he joined a group of 4 youths to play badminton with them . 
"if comfortably outpacing your rivals is the main measure of automotive achievement ,  tesla ' s electric car is a resounding success . "
"no less than bujalski ' s own film ,  a picture of a generation . "
"well ,  like my mama used to say : "
they also feasted on a vast array of asian and middle eastern delights . 
"in made in russia ,  novelist gary shteyngart explains ,   "" a pair of tweezers wrapped in cotton are soaked in vodka or rubbing alcohol and set on fire . "
the president was so young that he was junior to some of his employees . 
"now ,  let ' s look at it from a policy maker ' s point of view . "
"priyanka ' s husband ,  amarjeet ,  whom she married in 2007 ,  said he appreciated what his wife did .   "" all through these years i saw my sisters ,  my mother go out in the field every morning but it never occurred to me how shameful it was ,  until my wife stressed on it by running away ,  ""  he told ians . "
"but since then the rumblings have got louder ,  worrying not just oyu tolgoi’s investors ,  but all those gleeful at the prospect of a prolonged mining - led boom in the country . "
"as the regator team told us when we first wrote about the company last year ,  the idea here is to give back to the bloggers featured on the site . "
"here ,  the rolling green hills are home to english - style country inns ,  guesthouses and quaint bed and breakfast establishments . "
a number of delegations stressed the important role of the united nations environment programme ( unep )  in the follow - up of agenda 21 . 
"annoyed at the interruption ,  nim picked up the telephone and answered curtly ,  "" yes ?  "" "
" "" gee ,  that can work for fedex out there in the united states , "
"for all that ,  quiet confidence is growing among businessmen that japan will rebuild itself . "
"hi ,  the culbertsons ,  bud and betsy . "
i think it was really interesting to juxtapose this humanity
"when female mice come in contact with a male or his nest ,  they pick up the pheromone via a nose organ called the vomeronasal ,  where the pheromone binds to a specific protein receptor . "
"forest inside ,  i naturally and self -  satisfiedly shuttle therein ,  very not easy fling off pursuing troops ,  in a agreeable mood ! "
"it was pretty embarrassing ,  given what was going on in my mind . "
his father was a lawyer who won a local judgeship running on the conservative party line . 
"while you can hardly move ,  they ' re running around having all kinds of fun . "
those who assume a public leadership role can expect harsh treatment when things go wrong . 
"in fact ,  dante says you can ' t understand the three deeper levels"
"as part of the work of the coordinating council of the ministry for transport and communication ,  adelino mesquita said that the work ,  which is considered to be an emergency and costing 43 million euros ,  would take 18 months and be carried out by van oord dregding ,  the dutch company that was awarded the international tender for the work . "
it was posted tuesday night to the nypd ' s official facebook page and became an instant hit . 
i am doing a favor to the country . 
"the greatest moment of the race is not the touching of the wall ,  or when one swimmer begins to pull ahead of the pack . "
"sure ,  there’s some routine to follow ,  but more often than not ,  something unexpected will pop up . "
this is where lionel logue comes in – a bullish australian with bohemian manners and shabby premises on harley street . 
"i may seem like the cocky american who walks like he owns the world ,  but that doesn ' t mean i don ' t have strong convictions about the future of this world . "
are deeply concerned about the escalating violence in our daily lives . 
i think jack of spades is number 12 from the top . 
"we know that this gathering ,  in and of itself ,  is a foundation for ongoing cooperation that has to take place every day at every level of our government . "
"well ,  as far as i can tell . "
she even gave him a farewell kiss . 
wife ever bust your chops about moving up ? 
whoever does not carry his own cross and come after me cannot be my disciple . 
"i mean ,  you haven ' t slept all night . "
this was all done by folks in the lab  -  - 
you can no longer see the separation we had because it is important that not only is our team an enterprise but the army ' s approach is as an enterprise approach . 
"on the whole ,  residents of shenyang have particularly strong consumer demand . "
"i mean ,  it ' s not the people you suspect .   .  .  . that are gay ,  that are gay . "
the cleverly designed speech lashed the audience into a frenzy . 
"unlike the iphone 5s ,  which only uses the fingerprint sensor for apple - based authorizations ,  the galaxy 5s ' s lets you make paypal payments ,  too . "
"questioned on reports that her own telephone had been bugged ,  she said she had no knowledge of it ,  but that was the sort of information officials are seeking in talks in the us . "
"just buy us more time ,  all right ? "
"it has rained for five days in succession ,  so we are longing for some sunshine . "
because that is the way to suppress the energetic phenomena that we see
"growth hormone speeds recovery ,  rebuilds muscles ,  and breaks down body fat . "
"chrome  -  plated steel produced five  -  star pin ,  high  -  strength wear  -  resistant nylon casters  ( foot cup )  ,  conductive metal chain .  .  . "
"all i need now is to flip on another beam , "
"i can ' t understand why she accepted the idea .  .  .  she ,  who is so careful . "
i ' ve never seen two people so attached to each other . 
 ' cause the only thing worth fighting for is family . 
"as a shepherd is of a nature superior to that of his flock ,  the shepherds of men ,  i .  e .  ,  their rulers ,  are of a nature superior to that of the peoples under them . "
"“we’re not going to be frustrated ,  ” said boozer ,  who had 20 points and 12 rebounds . "
the character of this asceticism is determined by its motive . 
"i think it ' s a question worth examining .  rubin makes a very revealing statement about one aspect of his leadership style as ceo .  it is obviously rooted in an american cultural context ,  but it is interesting to consider whether it is a quality which can cross over different cultures effectively .  i happen to think that it can and does . "
"the meat offering and the drink offering is cut off from the house of the lord ;  the priests ,  the lord ' s ministers ,  mourn . "
"i figured if we eat nothing but bananas ,  we could live there for 50 years ! "
"still ,  i hope this list has inspired some people to learn to play an instrument . "
"bbca also controls the divisions bbca biochemical ,  bbca pharmaceutical ,  bbca food ,  jiangshan pharmaceutical ( vc )  and bbca gelatin ,  as well as a research center . "
and we came back and forth and back and forth and back and forth . 
wanna tell me who you ' re working for ? 
cmos ' s primary disadvantage is that it cannot be packed as densely as ttl or nmos . 
"now ,  let me spend the rest of my time on the third big problem , "
"don ' t encourage him , or he ' ll recite the whole family history . "
you have to fight me for the last time . 
"speedos debuted in 1956 at the melbourne summer olympics ,  where the speedo - sponsored australian men’s swim team won eight gold medals .  this afforded speedos worldwide attention . "
 -  -  then you could have a thousand times as many . 
"results and conclusion when the extracted fluid concentration was greater than 1 . 5cm ~ 2·ml ~  (  - 1 )  , the medicated condom had severe cytotoxicity . "
he had weathered too many abortive revolutionaries when only his courage had saved the government . 
"there were dead woods only in 14 , 22 , 42 , 54 , 70 cm diameter grade in broad  -  leaved korean pine over  -  cutting forest . "
why don ' t you guys go choke on an apple . 
"yeah ,  well ,  she was about to fire my ass today . "
"for many years ,  i have been in the habit of getting up before daybreak to start work at four . "
his comments were echoed by the european union ' s foreign policy chief catharine ashton
"while this is just an example ,  it illustrates the fact that when crossing domain boundaries there is no good reason to do exchange by copy . "
never missed a chance to do so . 
"and as usual ,  we ' re going to answer some questions . "
"zhang said it was fun to work with friends in a creative process .  to complete the shooting as quickly as possible ,  all the actors were friends . "
because it gets my focus off myself and onto god so i can talk to him and not at him . 
15 percent of all pregnancies result in a potentially fatalcomplicationduring labor or delivery . 
coolidge added up the room rate and two rail tickets back to the campus . 
"it has only begrudgingly been swept up in the current popular demand ,  and it is only doing now what it should have done many seasons ago . "
"he said he ' s sorry for being late , "
"up the shallow slope on the other side ,  and then , "
"you called han solo a bitch ,  man ! "
"in the year 1816 ,  an englishman by the name james taylor translated bhaskara ' s leelavati into english . "
next up we have a young lady named violet sanford . 
how can you make such a feeble excuse ? 
what else happened to you last week ? 
it ' s clear that security is very high . 
lucky pierre must be back in town . 
"no ,  it ' s time to take a stand . "
so why didn´t you let bosko take you home ? 
"she is tired and sleepy .  “this job really makes you exausted … ,  she says .  and you feel even more terrible if all your efforts were for nothing ” . "
"doth the hawk fly thy wisdom ,  and stretch her wings toward the south ? "
"but above all ,  if he has st  . paul ' s perfection ,  that he would wish to be anathema from christ ,  for the salvation of his brethren ,  it shows much of a divine nature ,  and a kind of conformity with christ himself . "
"and before you pile on all your clothes just to go out and look for a different size ,  experiment by making some adjustments to the bra . "
but too utilitarian ?  i mean is that the way you think of fashion ? 
the young bachelor was as fit as a fiddle before he got married . 
it walks on two legs and it holds the other arms up in the air so that it can ' t be seen . 
we all know that that ' s a lie . 
and he donated a row house .  and in that row house
"if you’ve done something you ’d like your partner to take notice of ,  say something ! "
"that was later ,  when i was driving him home . "
bf :  from six to seven .  dh :  that ' s a world ' s record .  bf :  really ?  dh :  for us . 
"boarded se hanta ,  trinidad dam ,  boundless expanse of woodlands panoramic view . "
"during the construction of the monoliths no . and no . 6a at the baise rcc gravity dam ,  the distributed optical fiber sensing system was used to measure the three dimensional temperature field of the concrete structure so as to improve the construction quality and benefit the safe operation of the dam . "
why didn ' t you stay there and mine coal ? 
"here ' s a picture i took in alaska ,  a few years ago ,  of orcas . "
"brain in fly to flow the miscellaneous and disorderly problem that turn every kind of each kind soon ,  that problem resemble the street of a car ,  confusion but again busy ,  was filled with to bawl out voice ,  aimless chat voice ,  sigh voice with wait for helplessly voice ! "
and also instructions how to use the gas and the brake pedal . 
tom has sprouted a beard since we saw him last . 
"rice said the other concern she has for the united states is the state of education .  noting her background as a college professor before becoming a government official ,  she said she has always believed education is the means for a person from a modest background to achieve great things .  rice said the nation ' s failure to provide a good education could limit its future . "
and my motto is that there ' s a special place in hell
"the inner logic and aesthetics of chinese teaching material refers to the perfect arrangement and presentation of the relationship among every element in chinese teaching contents ,  making this subject ' s inner logic more scientific and clearer and embodying its characteristic of preciseness ,  brevity ,  delicacy after it ' s been materialized . "
"fast growth is essential to pull millions of indians out of poverty ,  so it is sad to pour cold water on this story . "
"it ' s great for your metabolism ,  if you ' re into that . "
"at the same time miss su said lightheartedly ,   "" aren ' t you ashamed ? "
introduce advanced wittemann technology in producing liquid carbon dioxide .  realize it ' s process and equipment . 
we built our own arm at the rehab institute of chicago
"this is great ,  but i ' m telling you ,  if you keep changing things like this"
this review summarises the advances of gene  -  immunological therapy for the liver neoplasms . 
where have you been this morning ? we ' ve tried to look you up everywhere . 
i feel the same way when people tell jokes . 
mr obama must now decide whether to let all this affect his efforts to engage iran . 
expenditure on road repairs has been cut to an irreducible minimum . 
"again ,  in the  ' 30s ,  warner brothers ,  rko did that for you . "
film wind - up with easy removable bobbins .  variable speed drive with clutch for windup . 
"make sure you have the truth on your side ,  and that your idea makes sense . "
"perhaps it has something to do with the fact that , "
all i have to do is tell them what happened ! 
"since the prey is so much larger than the predator ,  it sometimes takes the shrimp two weeks to finish off a single  ( living )  starfish . "
this is an unnamed species of copepod .  a copepod is a crustacean . 
"besides showcasing macau ' s tourism potential ,  the stand also counts official representatives from the chinese provinces of fujian ,  sichuan and guangdong ,  as well as from the greater pearl river delta region cities of zhuhai ,  shenzhen ,  zhongshan ,  jiangmen and guangzhou ,  indicates a note released by the macau tourism services . "
macau and south korea have direct air links via air macau and viva macau airlines . 
"that is why it was no accident that the  "" supreme leader ,   "" ayatollah khamenei ,  warned protestors in his friday speech that  "" street challenge is not acceptable . "
"santiago island ,  where the country ' s capital is located ,  remained the place where most money was invested ,  with 35 . 5 percent of the total ,  with sal island receiving 31 . 6 percent and s ão vicente 30 . 3 percent . "
so i was sort of expected to know a little about the world . 
"which is this giant pacific gyre in the north pacific , "
"covered in etfe and powered by renewable energy ,  this farm could grow enough food to feed up to 40 ,  000 people while providing housing for some dubai residents . "
i can communicate with foreigners easily .  they say my english is quite good . 
an elderly man shot up near the spur of rock a blowing red face . 
"your mom or grandmother may have raised you to believe that there ' s something magical about chicken soup when it comes to treating a cold or flu ,  but is it true ?  yes ,  says dr .  sharp .   "" turns out ,  there ' s some real science behind this ,  ""  he says ,  explaining that chicken soup may have a positive effect on the immune system with something called neutrophil aggregation — which means ""  bringing white blood cells together .   "" white blood cells help fight off infection in your body and are integral to helping you feel better faster .  while it ' s not clear if other broths or hot beverages have similar immune system benefits ,  dr .  sharp says hot liquids like tea and broth can help reduce the symptoms of a cold or flu virus ,  relieving sinus and throat pain .  photo :  sang an  /  getty images"
classes covering specific birthing techniques like the bradley method can be lengthy and hard to find so it’s not too early to do your research— you want to finish your class before you deliver . 
i will love you my whole life . 
i guess he couldn ' t take it anymore . 
i ' ve been doing p . o . s .  mini - lab work for over 20 years now . 
"and some of the seats need to actually change their direction , "
"from increased risks of heart disease to longer life spans ,  the numerous drawbacks or benefits to health that come with working have been revealed by various studies across the globe . "
anisotropy of isothermal remanent magnetism is a recently developed technique for rock fabric study . 
i don ' t even know how to tell my mum and dad about hounslow harriers . 
at ted are things that we ' ve addressed in the past on worldchanging : 
methods 168 cases of acute cholecystitis treated by laparoscopy were retrospectively analysed . 
local media said police officers saw video footage of a packaged painting sitting near a pile of trash that was later thrown away . 
but people in small towns and rural areas still hold to this traditional celebration . 
"saturation ,  you can see on the sat photos ,  took 20 minutes ,  after which every person inside a radius of 12 miles was rendered helpless by symptoms approximating late - stage cerebral palsy . "
"and i want to get at that question of embarrassment ,  because it comes up very explicitly on page 36 . "
"i had the craziest night of my life tonight ,  and i guess i learned that if you want something or someone ,  you have to go for it . "
"and then you probably had a few drinks ,  and you moaned about your horrible husband ,  and then you went back to his apartment . "
"having lived for so long in my fictional universe ,  i feel very protective of it and i already knew a lot about newt .  ' "
what else do you remember about zoya the first time we saw her ? 
australia just saw the largest typhoon ever recorded
"in 2009 ,  the u . n .  has declared it to be the international year of astronomy , "
"by more and more people ,  the whole world working for it . "
"a wind arose ,  and rain drops began falling all at once . "
all of safety ' s protections they are being reactivated . 
"now ,  the top casinos can clear  $ 3 million a day just on the floor . "
"based on surveying store safety and reel silk result cocoon of dry mulberry with different dry percentage ,  it is known that as long as dry percentage is ≥9 . 5per and storehouse air relative humidity is <  80 %  ,  dry cocoon will not go mouldy in a few months store -  ness . "
murray told police he was worried that jackson was becoming addicted to the drug and tried to wean him off it . 
and on the right you actually see a carotid artery that was engineered . 
"they know the rewards are there if you ' re prepared to get your hands dirty .  "" "
fatal road accidents have decreased in frequency over recent years . 
"even though it means changing the way we ' ve always done it .  "" "
"to solve this problem ,  you can create a weekly ritual ,  where you spend only one hour calling ,  texting ,  and messaging people .  just mark on your calendar a specific day and time ,  and do it every week .  a great time to do it is tuesday or wednesday ,  as it gives you the opportunity to make plans with people for the weekend . "
"but here ,  it refers to someone who works on their house every weekend in order to make it better . "
why the hell are you proud of me ? 
and i ' m also being told that the drum is without snares . 
"if you want ,  you can have them . "
"the dynamic payment is to fulfill ,  liquidate or pay the debt . "
i have a right to protect her . 
"our love for older ,  virile men like you . "
baby never knew how to cry .  he dwelt in the land of perfect bliss . 
we have to be careful now that we use this gift
i treat that appointment with the same seriousness as anything else in my life . 
" "" what happens when you suddenly drain these massive amounts of fresh water into the ocean ? "
she ' s like a box of fine wine . 
we are thrilled to welcome you and your guests . 
" ' by doing a little research into what they will really need ,  and buying good quality items which will last ,  new parents can save an average of £136 when baby arrives .   ' "
"this is related to a condition called muscle dysmorphia ,  or bigorexia ,  in which a person is obsessed with the idea that they are not muscular enough . "
he could see me watching but never tried to speak to me . 
"as of aug .  4 ,   ' tiny times 3 '  had earned 517 million yuan  (  $ 83 . 8 million )  since opening on july 17 ,  while  ' the continent ,  '  which opened a week later ,  has pulled in 514 million yuan ,  according to data from the state - run china film news . "
the queen ' s fingertips :  this handshake greeting is most commonly observed in male - female encounters .  usually the female presents her outstretched hand and the recipient grasps only a few digits of the right hand . 
ireland is one of the fastest - growing economies in the european union today . 
"the lexical features of civil engineering english discourse are explored through detailed analyses of the tendency of professionalism ,  diction features , and word formation . "
"and so ,  in the name of the father .  .  .  and of the son and of the holy ghost , "
i have somethingi want to talk to you about . 
lanthanum - tungsten electrode is the substitution product of thorium - tungsten electrode because of its freedom from radioactivity . 
sound off on this week ' s buzz in the comments section . 
then your task is to simply walk through the open doors . 
" ' your manager may not even know how swamped you are if you keep taking on additional work without question ,  '  she says . "
"wee willie winkie ,  that ' s a buddy of yours . "
it is a choice in common of both the two system countries to strengthen of judges . 
"admit your mistake :  as soon as you discover that something went awry ,  immediately tell your boss .  the only exception is ,  of course ,  if you make an insignificant error that will not affect anyone or if you can fix it before it does .  otherwise ,  don ' t try to hide your mistake .  doing that will make you look a lot worse if someone else discovers it and you could be accused of a coverup .  being upfront about it will demonstrate professionalism ,  a trait most employers greatly value . "
beijing health officials are promoting a blood drive to ensure there is an adequate supply of a type of blood that is far more common among non - asians .  it is the latest in a long list of preparations that the city is making as it gets ready for the 2008 summer olympics . 
"the detection and recording of the sequencing of instructions in computer programs ,  for example ,  as used in monitors and debugging routines . "
"i ' m going to show some new images ,  and i ' m going to recapitulate just four or five . "
"he a little money every month a result ,  he hasa simple life . "
" "" i see you ,  oh my god you are here ,  how are you ,  i can help you , "
"americans : while you ' re here ,  why not pretend to be canadian ? "
"and so i compared what i got to what i expected , "
"according to this study ,  we proposed to rear chinese rice grasshopper with living bristlegrass befor 3rd instar outdoor and then with leaves in door . "
"now ,  after admonishing us for turning the temperature up too high , "
" "" mercury is really an oddball ,  ""  said louis friedman who heads the planetary society .   "" it is a very dense solar system object .  it ' s very small .  it ' s in toward the sun .  it ' s only about the size of the earth ' s moon ,  a little larger .  and ,  as such ,  how did it form ?  and however it formed is going to tell us something about planet formation .  "" "
do exercise every day and you ' ll be back in condition . 
so here is a picture of the high seas
so many whales were killed that it was feared they might die out . 
i don ' t think you ' re really all that well . 
"frankly ,  the way things are now ,  the king isn ' t truly safe to wander a kingdom that is supposedly his . "
"supine images in a 48  -  year  -  old man with persistent cough  ( figure 1 ,  figure 2 ,  figure 3 )  . "
"veterans like qu meng ,  a 21 - year - old at the university of science and technology of china ,  know just what freshmen like ran and jiang are going through . "
"and we ' re all talking about this great english icon and saying , "
"if you ' re late again tomorrow ,  you ' ll get the sack ! "
it ' ll be quite in order for him to speak now . 
anyone gotten this one ?  the lion installer on my air has gone into negative numbers and is counting upwards . 
"because there is no way we can look at what ' s happening in africa , "
"but wait ,  okay ,  so we have breaking and entering . "
and he was a hero of mine and a dear friend . 
" "" i try to imitate the models in magazines ,  ""  said wang ,  who reads elle and the japanese fashion magazines ray and lee . "
"your personal trainer might question the science ,  but it ' s hard to argue with the results :  despite rampant cigarette smoking ,  suffocating pollution and some ghastly food - safety scandals ,  china compares favorably with other upper middle income countries on life expectancy .  what those statistics don ' t reveal is the organic joy and community vibes that emanate from these temples of public health in china ' s parks . "
"now ,  i ' m a clinical psychologist .  i ' m licensed in new york state . "
is a path alongside a creek that has now been daylit . 
"last june ,  the bodies of eight people  -  two adults and six fetuses  -  who died at a hospital in central china ' s hubei province were found dumped at a nearby construction site . "
"but that ' s not true at all ,  is it ? "
the kid broke into the war game using a password left by the original programmer . 
"we have a real ,  major outbreak of disease in the united states , "
"we have an inverter in there ,  so you get 117 volts a . c . "
"like japan ,  thailand is also in recovery from disaster .  the months - long flooding has left the country hungry for tourists . "
"directly ,  it will affect the dry mortar products store life and performance . "
"oh ,  i ' m sorry for liking the guy who ' s trying to save my life . "
"l ' amour a son instinct ,  il sait trouver le chemin du coeur comme le plus faible insecte marche à sa fleur avec une irrésistible volonté . "
she goes about the town fearing the judgements of her neighbours . 
"they ' re just cute ,  right ?  that ' s the idea ,  that ' s the idea . "
the idea is based on one of the basicmethods human graders use to identify egg cracks :  they gently tap two eggstogether and listen for a dull sound . 
and this is a song medley i put together  -  - 
"but life is far too glorious ,  lawrence ,  especially to the cursed and the damned"
recent purchases by chinese financial institutions have not turned out well . 
"they are willing to share their knowledge ,  revealing information cautiously but freely ,  so that others can act upon it for the betterment of all races . "
"johnson launched the war on poverty ,  a series of bills designed to help the poor . "
" "" if we have three positions to fill ,  we used to have 10 people interview for those ,  ""  offers keyani . "
i don ' t have time for you girls to flirt . 
you sort of leap up very quickly in your youth . 
"the deal is an amicable solution to the dispute between turkey and israel ,  whose close political relationship deteriorated in 2009 . "
"at the same time ,  another real estate investment fund valued at 600 million reais ,  which has already been registered with the market regulator ,  has as its target a real estate project on the outskirts of sao paulo ,  which includes a hospital ,  a shopping mall ,  hotels and housing . "
"and you can take your slug itself ,  when we return . "
perform noise vibration harshness  ( nvh )  analysis as well as product improvement . 
"if all the suggestions above were distilled into one essential message i ' d offer to a person newly arrived in public life ,  it would be this :  tell the truth ,  at work and in public . "
"rather ,  the coefficient ratios between certain basis function are kept fixed at predetermined value . "
they tend to think of maybe an 80 or 90 year - old person
"denis ,  there ' s another beth cooper out there . "
i need to explain what happened to max . 
"between september and november ,  the active population totalled ,  338 , 000 people ,  of which 327 , 000 were working ,  figures which show a drop of 1 , 000 people in the active population since the end of the quarter ended in october ,  as well as a fall of 1 , 800 employed people . "
"results :  in the medium treated with rhtpo 100 μg / l and heparin 2 . 5×10 3 u / l ,  the colonies and the absorbance increased as compared with control group without heparin . "
"as a chinesedescendanthimself ,  although he can ' t speak mandarin ,  he sent his two - year old daughter to learn chinese . "
remember at 10 years old  -  -  so 34 years ago
"the usher ,  accompanied by a gendarme ready to lend him armed assistance ,  introduced the convict brevet . "
leave everything else behind while we still can . 
"with the rapid development of modem science and technology ,  the scale of production system becomes much larger , which leads to the complication of control objects ,  controllers and control tasks .  traditional control theory and methods haven ' t been adapted to complex system . "
it ' s more form fitting to keep the draft out and the head warm . 
we were just telling your pops here it looks like you guys are getting some nice business . 
i think we should work out a strategy to deal with this situation . 
"so the oceans don ' t always act together ;  they act differently , "
"a few inches away ,  another catalyst ,  platinum ,  helps that bare proton become hydrogen . "
it splits up the component businesses of fischer morrow . 
i didn ' t know you were such a jock . 
"to establish a good customer base ,  he opened a vip service  - anyone who bought anything became a vip member . "
that ' s all i care about right now
"of course ,  a professional dancer can carry off a decentvogue ,  as long as it suits their image . "
through his foolishness he become a mockery in the village . 
"at that point ,  i thought i knew something about global warming . "
"while we were cleaning up ,  we came across some of his belongings . "
this activity is dependent upon on your specific environment . 
"even where it is not deliberately institutionalized as esoteric ,  it remains“secret” by virtue of its unintelligibility to the general populace . "
exactly how this molecule is so potent for this protein target . 
ud elements make it possible to correct aberrations whilst maintaining low weight . 
the advantage of this architectural style is its simplicity . 
"had china then been like the china now ,  i would be out of luck . "
"in chinese penal code ,  such crime is not only lighter than general unpremeditated crimes ,  but other professional unpremeditated crimes ,  which is diametrically opposed to our criminal law . "
" "" maybe his father ' s spirit hunts with him ,  ""  said another . "
you just don ' t want to be tied down with the whole responsibility thing . 
"we have been talking to so many religious people .   .  .  . and many of them believethe earth is 5 , 000 years old . "
" ?  i am not afraid to stand alone ,  if allah is by my side  ? "
he carry a big bunch of flower do up in white tissue . 
agencies from both countries will review all plans for the development of cross - boundary reservoirs
sometimes you have to go with your gut and trust your animal instincts as a creator . 
so chechens had come in and taken control of the theater . 
such a nice man for an officer . 
"this one happens after the funeral ,  after the burial ,  back at the house . "
mr .  fares who was appointed ambassador to baghdad in 2008 and was the first syria envoy to iraq for nearly three decades . 
skinner :  where ?  where ' s the ufo activity after mulder ' s abduction ? 
"the mayor says political leaders should stop giving news conferences and concentrate instead on getting the relief effort up to speed .  mr .  nagin says this is not the time for politics ,  as he watches his city fall apart .   "" i am at the point now where it does not matter .  people are dying .  they do not have homes .  they do not have jobs .  the city of new orleans will never be the same ,  ""  he added . "
i groped for the light switch in the dark room . 
"a japanese toy maker will soon sell a portable ,  personal karaoke machine so you can belt out your favorite tunes anywhere ,  and without having to wait for the microphone . "
jocelyn :  i will pay by credit card then .  thank you . 
"china is the world ' s biggest oil purchaser after the united states ,  with january imports of about 4 . 03 million barrels per day . "
"i know that part ,  amy ,  hence the question . "
"many ultra  -  orthodox  -  orharedi  -  jews fear the car park would bring tourists into the area ,  encouraging shops to open on the sabbath . "
tell him about the day you died . 
he drew paradise as he saw it in a dream
and it ' s about happiness in the first hollywood sense i ' m going to talk about : 
"canine rp is like the human variety ,  which makes dogs a good model for studying the disease and possible treatments . "
if i had had him last week - 
most chinese people will lay aside money for a rainy day . 
"according to a friend of mr .  depardieu ,  the president wanted to know more about the actor ' s motives .  mr .  depardieu told him that it wasn ' t the money that was the main issue but he was disgusted by the way france ,  in his words ,  spat on initiative and success . "
"he ' s not king , but he ' s still so proper . "
sprinkle with ½ teaspoon oregano and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper . 
my reason for leaving my present employment is that i am desirous of getting broader experience in trading . 
credit rating agencies are seen as a key gauge for the health of an economy . 
"the second area that i ' m focusing on is the environmental problem , "
"i’m on a deadline ,  i need my pages . "
"they could work alongside emergency workers to search for survivors ,  open up communication channels ,  lift rubble ,  even apply first aid . "
"now ,  things  -  -  i ' m making this sound very easy ,  this is actually a lot of work . "
"mr .  xi also reiterated china ' s longstanding position of seeking denuclearization of the korean peninsula through the stalled ' six - party talks '  process ,  the report said . "
you can ' t ask someone to do that on your behalf . 
but you must stay within the city walls
"they have fangs ,  they have claws ,  they have nimbleness ,  they have speed . "
"cos i got a way around all this ,  .  .  .   .  . where we can all make moneyand make the airline profitable . "
"the constitution provides that china implements the system of people ' s democratic dictatorship ,  which combines democracy among the people and dictatorship against the people ' s enemies . "
although it was established well over 100 years ago by charles darwin
"frankly ,  i have to say that i don ' t like the weather in my hometown because it ' s so humid . "
"why wa ste valuable teaching time trying to knock in a list of facts ,  if the children aren ' t interested ? "
there was no work in the office this afternoon so everyone idled around . 
"go ,  weenie ,  go !   / want another shirley  / temple there ,  wild man ?   / oh ,  my ,  what ' s  / that ? "
the judge announced several charges against the three men .  they included acts that led to the unjust killings of libyans as well as the abuse and funnelling of almost  $ 25 million in public funds to personal accounts in tunisia . 
"in addition to the above services ,  our company also provides worldwide quality fire  -  rated building materials . "
all the women they ' re gonna miss out on . 
activate your homing beacon when you ' re ready . 
someone hit her on the head with a sharp object . 
you are all going out into the world as individuals . 
aaron said :   ' we ' ve had loads of different teachers and we weren ' t getting enough homework .  i failed my maths exam in school and i was really worried because i just wanted to make sure i was able to do the work properly .  ' 
i have not any power in the firm except to recommend . 
"okay ,  mobile three ,  tell them to stay back . "
maybe we could just convince him to kill himself . 
"while many people practice folk dancing for their own pleasure ,  there are also professional dancers all over the country . "
"when you buy a stock or invest in a mutual fund ,  do you have confidence that the performance of that security is tied to the performance of companies ,  industries and the economy ? "
"and second of all ,  his data was grainy and fuzzy , "
"the report ,  entitled the blue book of urban competitiveness ,  was released by the chinese academy of social sciences  ( cass )  . "
photographs about which you ' ve had hallucinations .  .  .  which you believed you held in your hand . 
"the propylene refrigeration compressor and the replaced crack gas compressor went out of order on jan .  4th 2003 because of lubricant oil deterioration ,  compressor shaft seal leakage ,  increased bearing temperature in crack gas and propylene turbine ,  increased exhaust pressure in propylene turbine ,  speed governor vibration ,  and failure of timely automatic start -  up of the spare oil pump ,  which endangered the safe and normal operation of compressors . "
at the thought of the paradise  - 
how often you get to see him ? 
"but ,  u . s .  president barack obama and many western european leaders have made it clear that they hold the ukrainian government responsible . "
this curriculum project needs to use the simple logic chip to realize the digital clock . 
"i ' il finish these ,  go to the store .  .  . "
"general ,  please give us few more days"
"and if you couldn ' t have her ,  then no one could ! "
"anyway ,  i said ,   "" kindness seems to be second nature to him . "
we just moved him to an office . 
"we want to buy grains  -  wheat ,  durum ,  oats ,  barley and pulses  -  chickpeas ,  faba beans ,  lupins ,  mustard seeds ,  and meat bone meal ,  yellow peas ,  rape seeds ,  rice ,  soybeans seeds . "
to the largest traditional bed net manufacturer in africa
" ' some times the difference between life and death can be six inches of water and their ability toflipover on their back and take a breath ,  '  he warns . "
i thought you were pretty easy to find . 
sun said she once had an internship at a hotel but gave it up because the work was very tiring . 
"ho also told the legislative assembly that the macau government would distribute 2 . 38 billion patacas ( us $ 297 . 5 million )  to the 527 , 000 residents of macau to“reduce ”the effects of inflation on household income . "
and two things that we measure is the amount of challenge
"each of the main pumps are air  -  cooled ,  three  -  phase induction motor  -  driven single  -  stage shaft sealing unit . "
what kind of changes do we need in public policy
i cannot conceive of such a thing as genoa in ruins . 
"aprilfool ' s day is traditionally a day to playpracticaljokes on others ,  send people on fool ' s errands ,  and fool the unsuspecting . "
the correlation of interdependence and interrestriction between investment and economic growth also indicates that whether the investment scale is reasonable and moderate is an important factor influencing the steady motion of economy . 
brennan :  would you advise parker that sexual intercourse at age 16 is a wise decision ? 
you can tell everything to her .  she can keep it dark . 
jump on my backand relax the whole way . 
we ' re all under a cloud until they find the real killer . 
you ' re gonna need more than a scarecrow ! 
"he and his fellow dissidents were a tiny minority ,  too . "
"the  "" thinking of soul ""  with strong phenomenological character , or the  "" thinking soul ""  in other words , has connected intrinsically with  "" being ""  ever since parmenides . "
i can ' t take my mind off you . 
"finally ,  don ' t tell rudolph ,  but a great reindeer stew can had in lapland as well . "
leaders want to be here and they are constantly scanning the radar for opportunities to make a difference . 
"as moderator ,  zirconium hydride works at temperature between 650℃ and 750℃ in space piles ,  in this case ,  zirconium hydride  ( atom ratio of h / zr > 1 . 8 )  loses its hydrogen easily . "
bring your own deodorant .  bring your own coffee .  get used to the smell of urine . 
wine is the alcoholic beverage created through the process of fermentation . 
"and we look at nature ,  we look at trees ,  we look at the canopy , "
our range of savoury relishes was extended when traders introduced us to ketchup at the end of the 17th century . 
"methane as an indicator of the strength of a pacific monsoon , "
these revelations struck at the core of chris '  sense of identity . 
high power consumption is a major drawback of ternary content  -  addressable memory  ( tcam )  . 
"alistair darling ' s refusal to do that was ,  it appears ,  the reason gordon brown ,  the prime minister ,  wanted to drop him . "
"the double scattering  ( ds )  and anti - scattering  ( ads )  spectra of the ion - association complexes of  [ hg ( scn ) 4 ] 2 -  with the basic triarylmethane dye such as crystal violet  ( cv )  ,  malachite green  ( mg )  ,  brilliant green  ( bg )  ,  and iodide green  ( ig )  ,  their spectral characteristics and effective factors ,  and the optimum conditions of the reaction were investigated . "
what you translate is for my eyes only . 
you have about you a distinct hint of the pragmatic . 
"background :  to review progressions in the pharmacological study of natural plant ficus carica l .   ( fig )  ,  summarize its main pharmacological effects so as to manifest values in clinical practice . "
i ' m about to change your life .  so here ' s me doing it . 
"is that both sides ,  both israel and ,  i think ,  the palestinians , "
gnats and mosquitoes infested the field by the river . 
"i say ,   "" ju think you ' ve bought the bleeding pavement ?  "" "
"and her husband was beating her on a regular basis , "
"i stated my view ,  now let ' s move on . "
"we ` re just a function of natural selection ,  man .  .  .  the new race . "
"how dare you hit my precious child ,  bitch ! "
"i had a little bit ' saved up ,  so i might have misplaced it or something . "
"this shit aside ,  you don ' t see straight . "
"i give you money ,  and this shit ain ' t handled ? "
"the deserters are resourceful ,  but can ' t handle thinking ahead ;  they bicker and squabble and fail to come down off the fence  ( help the women ,  or kill them ?  )  until it ' s almost too late . "
"nobody likes us .  they just smack .  see a mosquito ,  smack ,  smack ! "
in question 24 we go further and describe the value in classifying services . 
"potentially ,  in a few years ,  maybe even h5n1 avian flu virus . "
all this conspired to force upon theologians the need to affirm in new ways that christ was truly man . 
"if you could win that cup ,  sir ,  we ' d all be so proud . "
"in the  ' 90s ,  my interest and passion for transitional art forms"
"under contemporary china ,  with the rapid transition from the traditional society to the modern society ,  drastic changes of the social structure have taken place ,  deep restructure of the interest pattern has occurred ,  large - scale social mobilization has appeared ,  interest consciousness of people has waken up day by day and the social contradictions have come to the surface evidently ,  the whole society is at the key stage of the coexistence of prominent contradiction and gold development . "
have you ever thought about why people are ticklish ? 
"given the bad economy ,  there are plenty of people that have been laid off so don ' t be afraid to let the interviewer know .  try not to go into the details ,  and let her know what happened and what you learned from the experience . "
praise be to our leader and the party workers ! 
"you know ,  i expected to find you a dullard . "
"i am claire frances ,  he / she should be jim ' s wife . "
i want lsabelle for a live test . 
shanghai 1937 war of resistance against japan has begun
"the largest slice of investment ,  about us $  53 million ,  is going to the port of praia ,  which is showing signs of overloading .  these funds are coming from america ' s millennium challenge corporation ,  added lopes . "
"what must you think of us ,  mr .  ryder ? "
" "" that ' s the girl that can ' t have orgasms .  "" "
"please respect us ,  we ' re normal ,  we ' re normal ,  we ' re normal . "
"on a trip to hainan ,  one fish i was sold for 10 times the price of a regular one was not half as tasty as the lesser option . "
i want to work with kids and help the underserved . 
anything more than a whisper and it would vanish . 
"now ,  if the subject were to say yes ,  well ,  he ' s rather a big fish that swims in not - untricky waters . "
"if the speech he is making is one that he is accustomed to make over and over again ,  he may be almost unconscious of what he is saying ,  as one is when one utters the responses in church . "
shops remain open and train and air links have not been affected . 
properly run internship programs become invaluable recruiting pipelines because they provide the company with field - tested employees . 
is there a wayne kazan down here ? 
but what artists like to do is to set up expectations
"she had a wig on ,  but we soon penetrated her disguise . "
my little brother takes a bath before he goes to bed at night . 
"mcsquizzy ?   / he doesn ' t even like you .   / look ,  i ' m not talking to some  / random overweight sheepdog .  .  .   /  .  .  . about my personal / relationships . "
"if something is meant to be ,  it will happen – in the right time ,  with the right person ,  and for the best reason . "
the vessel is resting on the undersea ledge off the island of giglio . 
and you get all the non - zero - sum games you don ' t think about
" "" there is evidence that jesus taught his disciples to recall his teachings by heart ,  ""  says methodist thomas oden of new jersey ' s drew theological school . "
"science is consolidated by science lore system ,  scientific research activities and scientific structure . "
i ' m feeling a bit peculiar  -  -  i think i ' ll go and lie down . 
"i like using the herbal astringent because it smells good ,  and it conditions the skin very well . "
don ' t you do this to me ! 
i am afraid our day of leisure is cut short . 
the result of the study shows :  when the concentration of the slurry of the mercury - containing wastes is 20 %  ;  concentration of nacl is 30 %  ;  current density is 1950 a / m ~ 2 ; 
to be really so interested in how we have evolved
"there were women and children ,  lara ,  and they rode them down . "
you have a brown spot on your shoulder . 
i ' il just be getting you a towel . 
" "" therefore it ' s very risky to build an economy on hydropower . "
imagine you can have everybody make a small donation for one pixel . 
"according to a boston university study ,  ever since their invention nearly five - thousand years ago ,  chopsticks have been a source of literal pain by exacerbating the onset of osteoarthritis in old age . "
“leg” has a couple of different meanings in english ;  take a look at our learning guide for some additional explanations . 
you patrol the homes outside of town ? 
to show greg flint and i things about this . 
i thought you said your name was nobody . 
"ban ki - moon also said ,  now there had the important political promise to realize the goal . "
"so ,  our responsibility is not simply shielding those we care for from adversity , "
i don ' t want to piss mel gibson off . 
"gosh ,  just being a kid is a full - time job . "
"and say ,   "" you know ,  i think i would like"
"the hybrid imagery crafted in the style of comic grotesque subverts the positivist epistemology and classification ,  and emanates a strong dynamic and pleasure of anthropomorphism . "
"you can ' t see an awful lot .  you can just see ,  there ' s a yellow"
"all the six different species  -  -  rabbits ,  actually  -  - "
"this post is going to tell you how baldy and ugly metal bodies of cars are take their natural ,  ready to use ,  form . "
"so ,  the first thing that you might notice about the mapping site"
one accent should not be regarded as being better than another . one accent is not more acceptable than the other . 
"but even worse  -  -  some years it ' s only iv drug users , "
"but if ukraine ' s reform commitment wobbles ,  russia has room to cause yet more trouble . "
"and you ,  you also give me your everything . "
it is possible that in any given situation different modes of failure are in competition . 
we have to save these places if we want a chance in hell
how they used them and who and how many people were able to use them . 
but it ' s not that strong of a mean for achieving development . 
"you could apply either means of asynchronous messaging to create other exchange patterns ,  such as a request to receive multiple notifications  ( such as notifications for changes in stock quotes )  . "
don’t let her pull the wool over your eyes . 
the physique is very important in diving . 
"so of course ,  just no record of anything that happened to you at that school ? "
just now i swallowed some water through my nose while i was showering .  .  .  .  . classic ! 
you ' ll never mend your car like that let me have a stab at it . 
about as low as the rest of the world . 
he is inheritate so little of my character . 
we should know what to do when a fire breaks out . 
that they probably sound a lot like the the voice of charlie brown ' s teacher
we collect more digital communications from americans than we do from the russians . 
"the eurofighter member governments  ( germany ,  britain ,  italy and spain )  have all ordered planes ,  but only austria and saudi arabia have bought them from outside the group . "
they ' re more for me at this point just so that i can get it straight . 
"write an inquiry letter to ask for more information concerning a product ,  service or other information about a product or service .  these letters are often written in response to an advertisement that we have seen in the paper ,  a magazine ,  a commercial on television when we are interested in purchasing a product ,  but would like more information before making a decision .  inquiries are also written to ask for business contact information to develop new business .  for further types of business letters use this guide to different types of business letters to refine your skills for specific business purposes such as making inquiries ,  adjusting claims ,  writing cover letters and more . "
"they want someone that has a “successful track record” with experience forming teams ,  writing business plans ,  building products ,  and managing a p & l . "
this generally means it is helpful to refrain from anger or despair when your situation is difficult . 
the human eye sees within the 180 degree angle
"others object to the arguably sexist content .  one senior 3 student said that in today ' s world  "" not everyone woman wants to be a  ' lady '  "" "
flash forth lightning and scatter them ;  send out your arrows and confuse them . 
"the tal group ,  which operates an immense garment -  making plant in this coastal boom town ,  is moving beyond piecework by helping j . "
the people are going to start to realize <  . 
"and not realizing that there ' s no food for the eggs ,  that the eggs are going to die , "
all i need to do is measure the distance from here  -  - 
"the huge spiritual world that music produces in itself , "
"what ,  are you fucking delivering cannolis or something ? "
"on the board today for losing recess tomorrow ,  only boys . "
"investment managers are coming to sydney from all over ,  drawn by the prospect of ten  $ 100 billion pension funds within 20 years—a fillip for australia’s financial - services industry . "
is they put a warning sign on every single barb on this fence . 
the adb began operating in mozambique in 1977 and had provided funds of us $  1 . 3 billion to maputo by the end of last year .  the bank is currently negotiating a project portfolio worth us $  190 million with the mozambican government . 
steel - belted radius / global enterprise edition easily meets the most rigorous aaa requirements of global enterprises . 
the hungry boy made a bee  - line for his dinner . 
the cafe only served ham or beef sandwiches but as a vegetarian i was in a no - win situation . 
"but john sides of george washington university says obama has to strike a balance between economic progress and the ongoing hardships of many americans .   "" the economy is improving ,  his approval is up slightly .  but i think we ' re still in pretty tenuous territory ,  ""  sides added .   "" mass unemployment is very much still with us and likely will be with us for some time .   "" "
a high - impact and high - profile assignment is probably worth more to your resume and your career overall than your annual raise is .  ask your boss for a particular high - priority assignment you ' re interested in . 
"everyone has certain likes and dislikes ,  and there is no denying that we all prefer to do the things that we like . "
i ' m sorryit doesn ' t work out between you two . 
"do they elevate your spirits ,  or put you down ? "
" "" his liver removed and his bowels unplugged"
for years everyone thought that every republic would eventually turn into a dictatorship . 
"wait ,  aren ' t you gonna teach us first ? "
i ' m sure you now have a better understanding
"a top manager at the company told the economic times that mining such a large area would take a long time and added that the company would carry out test drilling ,  after which commercial mining would begin . "
i presume you know who that is ? 
we needed to see skin moving over muscle moving over bone . 
kill the infidels !  string them up for the ravens ! 
"think about it ,  all right ?  i ' m going to answer the phone three different times . "
"don ' t need to limit its dosage ,  have no toxicity ,  can used in food and medicines . "
"we lookin '  down but we don ' t know what to do ,  you look at me to jump now i ' m fallin '  down .  .   # never know # "
"results p504s was strongly and diffusely positive  ( ≥  +   +   +  )  in 97 .  1 %  cases of prostatic adenocarcinomas and focally positive  (  +  )  in 2 cases ,  regardless of gleason score ,  age and serum psa . "
"now ,  i ' m gonna make the same suggestion again . "
"i may not be there yet ,  but i’m closer than i was yesterday . "
at the age of six or seven gadadhar had his first experience of spiritual ecstasy . 
"this month ' s edition of madame figaro has my interview ,  trouble you guys to go and buy a copy !  i need your support ! "
we don ' t want to risk hitting it . 
"in 97 followed - up cases ,  the mean survival time  ( mst ) was 5 .  5±0 .  4 moss 9 .  8±1 .  1mos、9 .  5± 1 .  2mos and 13 .  0±1 .  8mos in group a、b、c、and d respectively .  among them , the mst of group d was the longest .  therewere significant differences among the four groups  ( p <  0 .  01 )  . "
the chinese government says it hopes the iranian nuclear issue can be resolved through peaceful dialogue .  china also announced it is hosting the next round of international talks on iran . 
"it is a devastating or a beneficent force ,  just as we choose to make it . "
mr mugabe told his supporters that those who opposed his stance against homosexuality and same - sex marriage could go to hell . 
"in 2003 and 2005 ,  two un biennial meetings on the implementation of the poa were held successfully to further enhance comprehensive implementation of the poa . "
"you can view it as a computing problem ,  an artificial intelligence problem : "
" ( applause .  )  let us ,  each of us ,  now embrace with solemn duty and awesome joy what is our lasting birthright . "
phil decided to go into town and the rest of us followed suit . 
"9 .  be helpful ,  and do more than solely what ' s in your job description .  the way that you gain a great professional reputation – which will give you options that you can use to earn more money ,  get out of bad situations and not have to take the first job that comes along – is by doing more than the bare minimum required .  that means always looking for ways to do your job better ,  helping out colleagues when you can ,  and not balking at new projects . "
"traditional theory of enterprise finance based on experiential hypothesis .  it analyze the relationship between market value and the cost of debt finance and share finance of the enterprise ,  but neglect the correlation among the rate of debt and the cost of share ,  finance venture .  furthermore it is devoid of precisely mathematical deduction and statistical analysis . "
"the mission is a major boost to the country ' s space program ,  as india joins asian nations china and japan in exploring the moon . "
"one of the six contenders for the republican presidential nomination in the united states ,  jon huntsman ,  has dropped out of the race . "
"i ' m pretending ,  because we have to bond and all . "
i want to know what i ' m worth . 
"obviously ,  my usual choices have not worked out so well . "
and it may be that passing the 50 percent urban point
"if stage two was completed ,  it was going to be underground . "
"luanda ,  angola ,  8 may–the deputy chairman of brazilian construction company odebrecht for angola and latin america ,  lu ís ant ónio mameria ,  wednesday in luanda gave assurances to the angolan prime minister that his company would meet the deadlines of the 16 projects it ahs underway in the country . "
"you know ,  it goes on and on ,  and this is very hopeful for me . "
"as we move past the relatively gigantic mammals ,  birds ,  frogs and plants"
an ancient roman unit of weight equal to about one troy pound . 
"but now ,  it’s no longer such a “natural” choice for many students .  with employment benefits fading ,  students are thinking carefully about whether they should take the exam . "
"the first study of the colossal squid ' s metabolic system shows that the squid ' s energy demands likely dictate a slow ,  aimless existence . "
i didn ' t know why at the time . 
you ' re gonna beg us to slow down . 
the multi  -  spectral and panchromatic image fusion is discussed . 
"sally took an old quilt out there to fashion a cozy nest ,  and lucy deigned to take her ease upon it . "
"in fact ,  she ' il be glad she doesn ' t have to deal with you anymore . "
"fortunately ,  the evidence suggests that the costs of action should not be prohibitive . "
"are you reporting on yearly ,  quarterly ,  monthly ,  weekly ,  daily ,  hourly ,  or even up to the second data ? "
the global intelligence firm ' s website is currentlyshutdownand undergoing maintenance . 
"no ,  i just got nowhere to go . "
"little is known about ahmed angel ,  the iraqi model who has taken the internet by storm this week . "
"you ' d start a sentence ,  she ' d finish it . "
leonid petrov says a personal or family dispute could have led to the execution . 
i am sick sick sick of your shit . 
"you ' re not on the clock ,  and when you do that ,  i clench and it ' s a whole thing . "
a u . s .  ship carrying humanitarian aid has arrived in georgia ' s black sea port of batumi carrying humanitarian aid for residents of western georgia displaced by russia ' s recent military incursion .  authorities are assessing the destruction as russian troops pull back from some areas they occupied for much of the past two weeks . 
"and that in mind ,  may i have your vows ? "
i was told there was a situation of international importance . 
"we can say ,   "" well how fast does the bubble burst ?  "" "
"the chocolate - laced pudding ,  styled like a faberge egg ,  is believed to have broken all previous records with its list of ingredients including gold ,  champagne caviar and a diamond . "
mr sarkozy will be on his best behaviour as he tries to show the french that he has the presidential stature many accuse him of lacking . 
"and i expected them to put a ruler next to the wall , "
"therefore ,  the atm machine on the whole has all of the operations from both perspectives . "
fuckin '  party do you think this is ? 
"the experiment passes through two years in field research practice ,  and the effect is good . "
"we want to buy home textile ,  carpet ,  handicraft ,  bedspread ,  curtain ,  rug ,  hand made bag ,  wallet curtains . "
"could you please tell me country code ,  the area code and telephone number ,  sir /  madam ? "
i ' m supposed to get one for my sister . 
once again you ' ve proved -  -   -  if you ' il excuse me . 
"although the increment of the residual magnetism on the object after every cycle of magnetization -  demagnetization process is very small , with the increase of the cycle index the object must be finally magnetized intensely and spontaneously . "
"in the environme nt of imperfect managerial system , i t is not sure for the technology innov ation mode to win a good performance . "
"the creation of these lines ,  enriching the performance of chinese painting and lyric . "
leo held himself to be a critic of craziness . 
"we ' re finding that people can share the same spaces , "
"estimates of the amount of water needed to explain these features have been made that equated to possibly as much as a planet - wide layer 1 ,  640 feet deep or more .  if liquid surface water existed in the past ,  then mars '  atmosphere had to have had a different climate that was warmer and a pressure near or greater than the current terrestrial atmospheric pressure at the surface . "
"he probably thought losing a finger was worth 4 , 000 bucks . "
please write down your name on the reverse side of the envelope . 
i ' ve got a claim in that man . 
"it really gives cause for deep shame ,  at least for me . "
" ' number three  -  you ' re the best mommy ever ,  '  she exclaims ,  swinging her arms to and fro in excitement . "
you don ' t have to snack on carp any more . 
"suddenly ,  there was a slight trembling sound from below ,  and the captain went down to see what had happened . "
you ' il make a comic book of the whole thing . 
"there will be massive amounts of data flowing ashore , "
"second ,  as the bank of england ' s andy haldane notes ,  “tail risk within the financial system is not determined by god but by man” . "
"tao used to feel constrained by such rules ,  but now she has a fresh perspective :  “respecting office rules is an indicator of professionalism . ”"
"the flower bud fifferentiation is affected by photoperiod ,  cutting time ,  nutritive level ,  so the number of half flourish an tublar floret of one dahlia inflorescence is infinite . "
and you can see them there  -  -  little pluses . 
"even when the researchers controlled for five other suicide - related factors ¡ª twomeasures of income , race ,  age and population density of the county ¡ª the correlation was still strong . "
"when desire blinds the mind with delusion and dust ,  o ,  thou holy one ,  thou wakeful ,  come with thy light and thy thunder"
" "" i feel so much of my dad alive in me that there isn ' t even room for me .  "" "
"look ,  we gotta be on a plane in less than an hour . "
"and that somehow ,  thanks to your dream ,  you ' re the only one who knows the truth . "
"north korea invaded south korea in 1950 .  the two sides never formally ended the resulting war ,  which was halted by an armistice in 1953 .  recent events have reminded the world how tense this peninsula remains . "
"what ' s your favorite airport to kill time in ?  even though it ' s my home base ,  i love terminal 2 at sfo .  any extra time ,  and there are plenty of power outlets ,  great food ,  and a place to get a mani - pedi or massage .  they even have a yoga room .  i ' ve never been it ,  of course ,  but it still makes me laugh walking by .  so california ,  the home state i love . "
"as two rough surfaces slide over each other ,  some of the projections wear off ,  possibly a few molecules at a time . "
i could see you were writing something a letter
"someone gets inside ,  takes off ,  goes for help . "
"that coat will never reach round you  , you have grown too stout . "
"bill beaman is editor in chief of politics magazine ,  formerly known as campaign and elections . "
"denis ,  there ' s another beth cooper out there . "
it was about bringing something new to the floor . 
"so ,  you know ,  we now can learn the history of organisms . "
the south african company is committed to making exploration expenditures of us $  2 million over three years on the tsetsera property in manica and other concessions held by gs minas . 
"the oldest kind of computer is the abacus ,  used in china since the sixth century . "
" "" diana ,  help herself to the last of my snow "" "
the electric imbalance of 1  -  tower double  -  circuittransmission line depends on both conductor spatial arrangement and phase sequence . 
"my experience has been supporting attorneys in the field of labor law ,  where i have been able to apply my paralegal education . "
a claim that a vote is invalid or that a voter is unqualified . 
"colour :  self colours in red ,  sable ,  fawn ,  black and tan ,  with or without white markings on legs ,  brisket and neck .  some white on head and foreface permissible . "
"high - leverage tools ,  so that for a very small amount of effort the player can"
"for you ,  man ,  i ' il stay for a minute . "
do you think it ' s helpfulto give a beggar fifty pence ? 
"i think mr .  zhang has acute cholecystitis ,  maybe cholangitis and gallbladder stone . "
he told me about the porno magazines . 
we felt jumpy after she told us the house was haunted . 
"efforts to keep iran non  -  nuclear have yielded nothing ,  and the war in iraq still defies solution . "
i barely have any time for myself . 
i wish we could set a wedding date without our parents actually having to meet . 
you ain ' t got to do this shit .   .  .  . eight .  .  . 
"well ,  does he always stay this late ? "
"methods from march 2000 to january 2003 ,  to investigate the prevalence and occurred factors of metabolic syndrome for 3 152 resdents aged morn than 35 receiving body checked in hu jia lou community ,  doing unconditional logistic regression analysis . "
reyes and crowe cannot let that get to them . 
"in this paper ,  we study the spectrum of holey self - orthogonal latin square with a symmetric orthogonal mate of type 2nu1  ( hsolssom ( 2nu1 )  )  and show that for n≤9 .  an hsolssom ( 2nu1 )  exists if and only if u is even and for n≥263 .  an hsolssoxi ( 2nu1 )  exists if u is even and n≥2 ( u - 2 )  . "
and those who find brown rice tough andchewywill be glad to know that the taste is said to be indistinguishable from white rice . 
tannins from the skins and sometimes stems of grapes and the oak barrels used for aging cause the bitter or astringent aftertaste in some red wines . 
"or you could back off to see the state ,  the country ,  the continent ,  even the globe itself . "
"i would say ,  at least 1 , 000 times . "
"and i crave for a few moments of quiet ,  silent meditation in the morning of this day . "
"but he says his research has controlled for all these factors ,  by concentrating on nine multi - lingual countries :  belgium ,  burkina faso ,  ethiopia ,  estonia ,  dr congo ,  nigeria ,  malaysia ,  singapore ,  and switzerland . "
"in 2010 ,  two workers per retiree in the u . s . "
one  ( 1 )  liaison officer and one  ( 1 )  asst .  liaison officer ; 
"it ' s better you blow out my brains than return me to this place , "
"oh ,  by the way ,  the ones that are the same color are contiguous . "
don ' t feel bad .  a lot of people have no talent . 
i need you to open the door . 
because it was two days of digging in soft dirt . 
"the few red ones are where i ' ve been ,  and all the green ones are where i want to go . "
"the boy who really loves you ,  when you are out of temper ,  will only listen speechless until you calm down ,  then utter slowly :  do you have class tomorrow  ? go to bed earlier . "
how many in favor of the 5 - star flag ? 
mrs carter - johnson added :   ' i would love to think that iris grace ' s story can be an inspiration to any parents with an autistic child .  '  the family are hoping to arrange an exhibition in london to give iris grace ' s paintings a wider audience . 
everyone playing the game starts as “human” with the exception of one :  the original zombie . 
"the result showed that after 5 - week exercise ,  the rate of excellent and good curative effects was 91 . 1 %  ,  and overall response rate reached 98 . 9 %  . "
never held a gun before in my life . 
"scores of former dissidents ,  analysts ,  and statesmen believe shortwave radio broadcasts helped nurture democracy behind the iron curtain . "
"often a valley boasted no inn at all ,  and climbers found shelter wherever they could . "
"the koi fish in my pond ,  it is about10 inches long ,  and he eats anything ,  small fish ,  pellets ,  even crawfish . "
"from watchtower to fortified city ,  he defeated the philistines ,  as far as gaza and its territory . "
and as i walk up this grassy slope from the car park
shanghai blues sung by zhou xiao xian ! 
do you want me to make you a new one ? 
"it is ,  by far and away ,  the largest print library in the world . "
"and i ' m thanking you ,  and i ' m thanking my family"
was the philosopher who refused to look through galileo ' s telescope more culpable than those who alleged that the spiral nebulae observed with lord rosse ' s great telescope in the eighteen - forties were scratches left by the grinder ? 
"the preparation materials of steel strands ,  the enough length by end part tensioning position shall be required . "
but having the parts code for the structure of the building . 
"afterwards ,  i’m usually doing one of three things :  building a prototype ,  preparing for a study ,  or running brainstorm and design sessions . "
"yeah ,   ' cause you ' re getting high off your huge bong . "
"anthony cordesman ,  a military expert at the center for strategic and international studies ,  says the bush administration was unprepared to deal with the invasion ' s aftermath . "
"anyone can go by horse or rail ,  but the absolute best way to travel is by hat . "
a million guys from here to canarsie were looking to whack that bastard . 
"by the baroness he was most graciously welcomed ,  while eugénie received him with her accustomed coldness . "
"after some time ,  after setting it on fire ,  you seal it"
" "" we are also requesting funds in order to be able to carry out much needed psycho - social assessments and to provide assistance such as counseling and the creation of recreational centers ,  ""  she said .   "" gender - based violence ,  displacement itself ,  physical and psychological traumas ,  as well as the loss of livelihoods will necessitate such assistance ,  particularly among young children .  "" "
"with 20 billion dollars ,  everyone can have access to safe drinking water . "
"our whole lives ,  you ' ve been getting me into trouble and holding me back . "
of what we ' ve been able to reach with experiments . 
i know your head is spinning from all this stuff . 
 ?  and when i ' m really getting old  -  -   ? 
"father ,  i request that jesus be glorified in this camping . "
they required that we should discuss the problem at the meeting . 
constitutional amendment accelerates the development of constitutional government and thus it is of great realistic significance . 
"so there ' s a third approach ,  if we look at it this way . "
all too many workers see their unions as something akin to insurance policies . 
trial production of bearing small hollow concrete block with fly ash content of 30 %   ~ 50 %  . 
"now ,  that ' s when khrushchev called me ,  begging me to intervene . "
"women still trailmen in professional subcategoriessuch as business ,  science and engineering . "
antibiotics are medicines use to fight bacteria and infections . 
"policy of birth insurance and national family planning is relevant couplet ,  accordingly ,  foresight is strong ,  the risk is not big . "
and miss our one last great adventure together ? 
"in another song ,  she sings about “riding a bicycle to get close to the moon” . "
"second ,  dynamic india can hardly soar globally while mired in its own backyard .  promoting regional prosperity is surely the best way to persuade neighbours that its own rise is more of an opportunity than a threat .  yet india lacks any kind of vision .  a region  - wide energy market using northern neighbours’hydropower would transform south asian economies .  vision ,  too ,  could go a long way to restoring ties that history has cut asunder ,  such as those between karachi and mumbai ,  once sister commercial cities but now as good as on different planets ;  and kolkata and its huge former hinterland in bangladesh . "
people were so outraged by this behavior that it was possible
"within 3 - 5 minutes ,  the movement of the heart became very abnormal and the oyster died at once . "
"do you believe ,  in the world there do existing such kind of magic ,  on the shoulders , which has been gradually becoming thinner ,  of a ignored girl you ,  engrave your body - flavour firmly in her mind . "
"for allowing genocide ,  for not having an heroic imagination , "
"high quality insb tnin films on gaas have been grown by using two - step method , with thick -  ness of 4 . 8μm ,  mobility of up to 4 . 3×10 ~ 4cm ~ 2 / v . s and carrier concentration of 2 . 4×10 ~  ( 16 ) cm ~  (  - 3 )  at room temperature , and 7 . 49×10 ~  ( 15 ) cm ~  (  - 3 )  at 77k . "
"and i remember that proverbial light going off in my head , "
"from a forecasting perspective ,  if we know where trade is likely to change , "
so you ' ve been lying to me and the crew for what ? 
"martin bent over him ,  agonized to see how swollen his face was . "
"an official with the chinese people ' s association for friendship with foreign countries ,  one of the sponsors of the event ,  says the rematch will remind the chinese of the importance of relationships they now take for granted . "
"well ,  they ' re just doing .  .  .  the best they can to put it out . "
i wish i did not have to waste my sunday go to a wedding .  .  .  but it ' d be bad for business not to go . 
"curving through the patient ' s body and removing the patient ' s bone marrow , "
"so long as the confidence building ,  deals calm ,  could cross this crisis . "
"with a certain amount of terrorism and not be quite as upset by it , "
i felt bad about not being able to come last night . 
"this also comes from the lord of hosts ,  who has made his counsel wonderful and his wisdom great . "
"for you have been my help ,  and in the shadow of your wings i sing for joy . "
the freight for the voyage must not exceed閿 ? 00 with five per cent .  primage . 
"macau ,  china ,  8 sept–macau ' s gross domestic product ( gdp )  posted real growth of 49 . 1 percent in the second quarter of the year ,  the statistics and census bureau said in macau tuesday . "
to my knowledge these protesters have not burned a single effigy of uncle sam or israeli flag as their rulers have intermittently teleprompted them to do over the years . 
"speaking to journalists at the end of a meeting of the council of ministers ,  covane said that the transport and communications sector had contributed 16 . 1 percent to the growth ,  as had the agricultural sector ( 8 . 8 percent )  ,  agricultural sales ( 9 . 6 percent )  ,  mineral resources ( 6 . 8 percent )  and manufacturing industry ( 2 . 0 percent )  . "
" "" only one person in my class can change a major ,  ""  said hu jing ,  an npu student who was that person .  she switched her major from electronic science and technology to resources exploration . "
i have to go to the bathroom . 
"orientation :  process to walk - through and acquaint new employees with policies ,  procedures ,  peers ,  subordinates ,  and other office staff . "
"and most of all ,  it was not even in my college textbooks . "
"different socioeconomic backgrounds , levels of education , and areas of work . "
you ' d know this if you ever had a girlfriend . 
into the cost of alien music piracy to he american economy . 
"what kind of person did she find out you were ,  jeff ? "
"if i take 30 steps linearly  -  -  one ,  two ,  three ,  four ,  five  -  - "
"essentially to say ,   "" we will do anything to placate you , "
"if we printed it out at a 10 font with no spacing , "
"the mother is the model of all altruism for human beings , "
i turned him down because he ' s not you . 
"now ,  the last of these things died in september 1936 . "
try doing a few simple things your inner baboon would never even consider . 
use the inputs from the identification phase in soma to define the business  -  aligned services  ( business services )  . 
or something that was at least confusing to her . 
"when a bird ' s nest is overturned ,  no egg can remain intact . "
we must base ourselves on the interests of the people . 
if you think you can’t be of any help then simply say so . 
about three quarters of the non  -  government schools are catholic . 
the normal output of a c compiler is assembler code for whatever processor you specify as the target . 
"according to the chairman of namibia post and telecommunications ( state holding company that controls the mobile carrier )  ,  steve motinga ,  pt will acquire 8 . 5 million shares in mtc ,  for us $ 120 namibian dollars each . "
and when you walk around to the other side it
"how did you get in with these fucking people ,  alice ? "
"on the sidelines of a session to present and discuss the project ,  at the request of the confederation of economic associations of mozambique ( cta )  ,  lu ís maga ço j únior ,  the head of the cta ' s financial policy department said that one of the biggest advantages of the new law“is that it contains all the regulations and requirements that already exist into one single document . ”"
to accept the dedication of his book on atheism  -  - 
and the exact analytical solutions are derived for nonhomogeneous isotropic functional graded material plate under two loading conditions . 
i became the laughingstock of all my people ;  they mock me in song all day long . 
but at least you are not a hippo :  their sweat is bright red  -  orange . 
betterment of conditions the world over is not essentially dependent on scientific knowledge but on the fulfillment of human traditions and ideals . 
it ' s not just a leak in national assets ! 
"even when i ' m at home ,  i try to speak new words and ask about how things are pronounced correctly in a different language . "
"i would go to america ,  and see ,  and learn ,  and return to the campagna and stand before my countrymen an illustrious discoverer . "
you got to think like a spy . 
"well ,  you do have a flaw after all . "
"we ain ' t back in 20 ,  come looking . "
"i ' m not much of a crier for those of you who know me ,  but when she hit her knees ,  tears streamed down my face .  ”"
"and i would sit around with it ,  and i didn ' t know how to play it , "
"how ungenerously in later lift we disclaim the virtuous moods of our youth ,  living in retrospect long ,  summer days of unreflecting dissipation . "
"gaga ,  whose real name is stefani germanotta ,  has compared herself to the material girl in the past . "
you ' ve dedicated your life to the gods . 
"and here ' s a list of the items i want for my office :  two boxes of black carbon paper ,  some blotting -  paper and some adhesive tape . "
"due to restrictions with technology at the time ,  lara was not able to sport her ponytail in the game ,  instead her hair was cut short and tied at the back . "
" "" what the hell ' s wrong with you ?  why are we all sitting there ?  "" "
"the rise of the notion of population as human capital , "
"instead of a novel virus caused by bio - terror or bio - error , "
did you ever notice that four in the morning has become
this system lets a student choose from a number of different courses to satisfy a requirement . 
"so there ' s a basic line for people .  and also ,  it can be changed . "
jay slammed into me from behind and sent me sprawling across the blacktop of the alley .  skin tore away from the heels of my palms as i slid to a stop . 
what happened in the past is just one chapter . 
he ' s beenin the bathroom for half an hour . 
i choose yes or no based on my goals . 
"humans were born to understand thought  -  form ,  and transcend thought  -  form that is non  -  evolutionary based . "
rahab means :  large and may be based on the poetic and symbolic name for egypt . 
what if i take you with me ? 
that´s a lie and you know it . 
"because you and i share the same body size , "
"and i like this because it challenges the way that we design stuff , "
you have seed i will give you some colour to seebrotherstogether up . 
"in fact ,  this lady has a particularly asymmetrical face , "
"the lower forecast of the main economic growth indicator was due to the downward revision of the growth rate of the oil sector ,  which the government now estimates to be 15 percent .  the previous estimate ,  as stated in the original 2006 state budget approved in december of 2005 ,  was 37 percent . "
"so to a first approximation ,  we have these things  -  - "
the roof is dangerous and could cave in at any time . 
i can ' t have that guy making my weather maps . 
that he would rather have the organic toasted o ' s cereal
"it really kind of holds its cards a lot tighter than say ,  a tuna . "
it is impolite to be arrogant and brag about oneself or one ' s inner circle . 
the red shirts scream for democracy  -  but they don ' t even know what it means . 
"i hold her for ransom ,  and you get a taste . "
"ed :  you ' ve seen that film ,  and what ' s so great about this"
"what ' s a glorified file clerk still need a snitch for ,  huh ? "
you may try to go into the ocean and salvage that which came off of the ship . 
"however ,  other studies have found money can buy you happiness after all ,  but only if you spend it wisely . "
"in addition ,  prospects for recycle of used refractories are also discussed . "
to improve the people ' s sense of security and satisfaction . 
and there ' s a term that ' s introduced here called the geometric buckling which is analogous to the material buckling that we defined there . 
so here is the interesting aspect of all of this . 
the invention of the computer is a great achievement . 
it was only about as big as this college campus . 
sad that it has come to this .  an event which is supposed to unit countries and different people has deviated from one mishap . 
"crucially ,  though ,  it would not be possible in any of these cases – even at the most advanced level – for the designers to interfere with the baby universes once they had formed . "
" [ 0 , 0 ]  input is a 1 output ,  which goes up . "
"ca :  did he tell you to jump ,  or he just said ,   "" i ' m out of here !  ""  and  .  .  . "
"no ,  i made aii that builshit up . "
but a good reason why computer languages are made bossy is to make programs precise and unambiguous . 
"we have very simple little weather systems you see here , "
and then i fell off a bridge and things got pretty weird after that . 
"they were seen kissing and cuddling in the surf after enjoying a romantic stroll and one guest said :   "" they didn ' t have a care in the world .  matt was very protective of emma – often putting his arm around her .  "" "
and google just sitting there and running the numbers . 
orthognal frequency division multiplexing  ( ofdm )  is a multi  -  carrier digital modulation technique for broad  -  band wireless communication . 
an aliquot of the aqueous acid phase was chromatographed using methanolacetonitritewater  ( 60∶10∶30 )  containing 0 . 08 %  acetic acid and 0 . 04 %  triethylamine as mobile phase .  the wavelength used for detection was 237nm .  the propafenon was used as the internal standard . 
flattery is a secret enemy i ' ve heard . 
court order strands chinese cruise ship in s korea
i think anyone who ' s recently been a parent can sympathize
the system had no resilience in the face of the pressure or disturbance . 
the drive to do things for their own sake . 
"there ' s no mail delivery ;  the government offices are mostly closed ,  except the police and the fire ,  and most private companies give their employees the day off  -  they don ' t have to work . "
"claims all energy on earth can be derived ,  for every country , "
"maurice lévy ,  the boss of publicis groupe ,  the french ad giant that owns 49 %  of burrell ,  says that ethnic advertising makes sense for advertisers that are very big  ( and so can afford multiple ad campaigns )  ,  or very specialised . "
"more simply ,  real returns from stock markets are likely to be lower ,  if they have recently been high ,  and vice versa . "
all of them like the chain consist in the information systems or in each sub system . 
"he once said that he laughed so he did not cry , "
"another was a computer that ran the same touch - screen interface , "
which may seem like an odd metaphor for seniors
"i ' m thinking ,  maybe i should do another tour . "
"i was like ,   "" ok ,  what ,  who are these people ? "
"he slides it out from under my pillow ,  holds it up like the statue of liberty torch and said  "" mama ,  wut ' s dis ?  "" "
the bottom didn ' t fall out of stocks until 2000 . 
"and so we put a deep how - to guide on the web ,  totally free , "
"when i was a very young child ,  i was extremely introverted"
we looked at the historical attempts that had been out there
stop giving me circular explanations and tell me what really happened . 
a good style has no gender or age . 
" "" dace : any of various small freshwater fishes of the family cyprinidae ,  which also includes carps and minnows .  "" "
"breading speaking ,  advertising language refers to all the measures and methods employed in the ads . "
"in 2008 ,  less than half of all eligible voters between the ages of 18 and 24 voted . "
"dahlia tubers contain a considerable amount of inulin ,  and 0 . 64kg fructose is obtained from 1 kg dahlia tubers hydrolysed . "
they also may be growing them .  and we serve them in the cafeterias . 
"that ' s a big trend right now ,  and actually ,  even though smart watches will be kind of a buzz word ,  the reality is smart watches are years from taking off ,  said tim bajarin of creative technologies ,  inc . "
"copper leaf ,  ink cartridges and printer accessories also accounted for the increased brazilian imports from macau in may . "
confirmation was said to be the gift of the spirit for strengthening while baptismal grace is for forgiveness . 
here is the consequence of being buried alive :  she has thrown herself away upon that boor from sheer ignorance that better individuals existed ! 
polite but lukewarm reviews are the kiss of death for a commercial film . 
changes in antioxidative system and cell ultrastructure in the fruit peels of apple during sunburn development
"not only at ford ,  but really as an industry . "
"marius hesitated to believe that the fauchelevent of the barricade was the same as this fauchelevent in flesh and blood ,  sitting so gravely beside cosette . "
"it says ,  you know ,  social impact over here is spectacular ,  five stars . "
take a look at the man beside you . 
" "" a ""  is for axiom ,  your home sweet home . "
"here is a moderately differentiated squamous cell carcinoma in which some ,  but not all ,  of the neoplastic cells in nests have pink keratin . "
"the us government agency that secured a big slice of the record  $ 13bn penalty against jpmorgan chase is demanding even more from bank of america ,  as it ratchets up pressure on other large banks . "
"moving through the canoe at any one point in time , "
so you can get a sense of where they are ;  you see they ' re all over the world . 
"however ,  for a culture of open dialogue and trust to develop ,  the oral word must be supplemented by written statements ,  which serve as invaluable reference points . "
"you know ,  if you spilled a couple of gallons of oil , "
what are you trying to do to me .  .  .  talking like that about my property ? 
don ' t cry to mewhen you lose them . 
because we don ' t have too much time on our hands . 
"students who described themselves as happier at age 16 and 18 and felt more satisfied with their lives at age 22 earned more income at age 29 .  on a scale of one to five ,  a one - point increase in life satisfaction at age 22 translated into about  $ 2 ,  000 more in later earnings .  the mean income was around  $ 35 ,  000 . "
perhaps the key to derartu tulu and the tarahumara
"safe work australia reports 23 workers died on australian construction sites last year ,  with 15 fatalities in 2013 so far . "
and we were kind of just out there doing the stuff we crazily did . 
behold now， this city is near to flee unto ， and it is a little one： oh， let me escape thither， （is it not a little one？） and my soul shall live . 
and we know that a recession is about to end . 
trying to negotiate each other in front of an audience . 
"recently ,  macau businessman david chow said he would invest some us $ 130 million by 2009 in building a tourist complex on the islet of santa maria ,  of the coast of the cape verdean capital ,  which would include a hotel ,  marina ,  restaurants and swimming pools . "
"but in their own home operation ,  is really the mrs .  showed a period of time ,  threw away n bag ,  finally success after soya - bean milk !  here to test results ! "
shouldn ' t they have more chairs for people ? 
"time to pick up the pieces and -  -  you know ,  and move on ,  i suppose . "
"in her right hand ,  she holds a torch with a golden flame high above her head . "
teach can have more than one friend . 
give this letter to my husband at 5 o ' clock . 
i was within three hundred yards of chelmsford . 
"“in the west ,  if a guy wore makeup or a group of men walked into a makeup store ,  people might think they were gay .  but here in south korea ,  things are different , ” he told the bbc in an interview . "
"if you sign up ,  log in and start using any kind of online service ,  the cyber  -  trail you accidentally leave on the world as you click and type away ,  seems to be a matter of course . "
claims for shortage must be made within 30 days after arrival of the goods . 
remember that valentine’s day is a busy time so don’t wait to the last minute or you will have some ’ splainin to do’ lucy ! 
and you can see here that what it ' s doing
there is big difference between your price and those of your competitors . 
some people think that the star of bethlehem could have been a supernova . 
"now ,  i should tell you that i have no idea what psychophysics is , "
it is a great relief to allow us ourselves the luxury of acknowledging our human frailties . 
we can almost say jazz is a gift to the world from the american blacks . 
breakages originated chiefly at knots in the lower edges of the 2 x 8 inch timbers . 
"and what do you mean ,   "" these calls ,  ""  huh ? "
it actually happened right at the time we met . 
"when you don ' t have to kill cows and it can have any shape , "
then barefooted with our huge flowers and jugs we went back to the cottage it was now about ten . 
"with love triangles ,  incurable diseases ,  and cinderella tales ,  storylines in south korean dramas may seem a bit commonplace . "
it slightly off center in your frame as we have done with this young artist . 
"man ,  you know what kind of trouble i can get ,  for just knowing what i know ? "
bae :  guilds and kingdoms fit more with the middle age fantasy genre . 
"yes ,  but you would be rich beyond the dreams of avarice . "
"a common saying goes ,   "" knit the brows and you will hit upon a stratagem .  ""  in other words ,  much thinking yields wisdom . "
"we can ' t do justice to all of these ideas in this article ,  so please see the resources section for links to more information . "
"england ' s prime minister ,  winston churchill ,  said that whenever he started to worry he would remember the man on his deathbed who said :  "" i ' ve had a lot of trouble in my life .  .  . and most of it neverhappened !  "" "
"we ' ll do anything we can to help the board of elections ,  the governor has tried the same thing ,  and this is a system that is not run by the state or by the city ,  they have real problems and we ' ve got to make sure that everybody can vote . "
"you can also put a napkin on the top of your legs ,  what we would call your lap ,  “lap , ” which is the top of your legs when you are sitting down . "
microelectronic circuits in which the passive components and their metallic interconnections are formed directly on an insulating substrate and the active semiconductor devices  ( usually in wafer form )  are added subsequently . 
track the amount of carbon dioxide in the entire rock record  -  - 
"with no steering controls ,  the only way to change direction was like a bird ,  moving his head and back . "
"professor li is absent ,  i will take the lesson in the place of him . "
allow me to introduce you to ceti alpha v ' s only remaining indigenous life form . 
convention gave me a buttload of drink tickets . 
i am not proud of what i just did . 
ever heard of a farm that doesn ' t feed its animals ? 
you can go outside  -  -  see many other examples . 
this is where the contract metaphor from business applies to software . 
" "" this would have been impossible without social media ,  ""  she explains . "
" "" you have to talk to steve ,  ""  and he has been working seventy - two hours straight"
"in terms of transportation ,  hainan has 17 ports and 59 berths . "
"i got the interview ,  but i ' ve got some more important news . "
"the iron man attraction will open in 2016 ,  one year after the launch of shanghai disneyland . "
with war criminals attached to the trigger . 
"wroblewski ,  father of a small child ,  has found a unique reference point :  the hungry hungry hippos game ! "
"mindelo ,  cape verde ,  18 may–shipping company maersk line is to begin container operations at porto grande in the city of mindelo ,  sao vicente island ,  cape verde ,  the archipelago ' s port management company ( enapor )  said . "
"entrance ticket price does not include board  &  lodging ,  shopping and horse  - riding fees . "
"and when she read aloud to him her favorite passages ,  he ascended to the topmost heaven of delight . "
"if i say  "" no ""  ,  will i still get your room ? "
"my translator and i walked up to an old man standing in front of what had been a house ,  now a heap of scorched bamboo . "
"francis henderson ,  the creator of hma and chairman of its board ,  maintains that aids cases simply did not exist in the south during the 1980s ,  and that prison plasma was no riskier than other kinds . "
the space between her arm and the figures is essential . 
we want to be healthy and live a full life . 
" "" the better - educated appear to be the ones who engage the most in problematic patterns of alcohol consumption .  "" "
there may be a possible change in your behavior due to work life imbalance . 
"i ' m just saying , you know ,  calling someone like , uh ,  hey , sir seeley booth ,  now that is civilized . "
all players take turns dealing one card face up in front of them . 
this is the newly formed essex county narcotics squad . 
"she has been richly rewarded for her words ,  but today she will be rewarded for her silence . "
"and some of you might be standing here thinking , "
"the government is certainly aware of inflationary pressures ,  and they have already taken steps to prevent inflation in the real estate market . "
"where it is legal for a teacher to beat a child with a wooden board ,  hard , "
"so does the finding that an area of missing scalp was caused by pressure ,  not by a blow or decay . "
"the stability of the suspension solution was effected by mole ratio of - cooh / zno .  when - cooh / zno  =  1 / 8 ,  the transparent and suspension solutions was maintained over 72h . "
"as soon as you get out of the way ,  we can . "
"based on analysis of china ' s oil market situations during period of 11th five plan ,  including development environment ,  faced problems and challenges ,  supply and demand trend and dependence on international market ,  the strategic objective of china ' s oil market in period of 11th five plan period presents .  meanwhile ,  the primary measures to keep market supply - demand balance ,  promote construction of circulation system ,  set up a source distribution system with characteristics of high - efficiency ,  saving and security . "
"using the ' aviary  . com '  prefix to capture flash contentworks ,  but you can ' t select a specific moment in a video to show in your screenshot ,  for example . "
"buzz ,  mind if i squeeze in next to you ? "
mr conille reportedly sent the president michel martelly a resignation letter after serving less than five months in office . 
i think the catheter ' s curling in the atrium . 
" "" heavy lies the crown ""  sort of thing . "
"on several occasions ,  i speak up ,  asking others to refrain from addressing me with undue familiarity . "
a grisly cell phone photographdistributedby the news agency agence france presse appeared to show the arrest of a bloodied gadhafi . 
in nearly the same way as you make a computer chip . 
you can only do them one at a time . 
"jonathan _  feigen :  if they bring battier off the bench ,  you could call battier ,  barry and brooks the killer bees ,  or is that not the big three you meant . "
it ' s about  $ 600 over the life of nine years that this has been measured  -  - 
it goes without saying that it pays to keep early hours . 
a man possessed of some radical notions
i called on possible buyers from a list of people i had never seen . 
now all i need to do is bag you . 
"a wide shot might best portray one desert ,  while a close - up of one plant struggling to survive on the side of a dune might best represent another . "
"it was a real war ,  you probably saw it on tv . "
"yet ,  if this is to happen ,  debtor countries have to stabilise their economies without another round of profligate private borrowing or an indefinite rise in government debt . "
"this is strips of velcro ,  this is my drawing slate , "
"a key ally of president bush on capitol hill ,  the ranking republican on the house intelligence committee ,  representative peter hoekstra ,  says last week ' s briefing by u . s .  intelligence officials left him with more questions than answers .  hoekstra voiced his concerns about the syrian facility on cnn ' s late edition program . "
"the harbour was blockaded ,  so the ships had to lay off . "
and that their daddy would do whatever he had to for those he loved . 
"if this is a good wine then you ' re missing a lot - of course ,  if it ' s a cheap wine it ' s probably just as well . "
the sight of the poorest of the poor wandering aimlessly in the streets is enough to make you weep . 
"starting from the study on the source of indoor formaldehyde and the analysis of elements affecting its emission ,  the thesis elicits that indoor formaldehyde comes mainly from the following places :   ( 1 )  decoration - used artificial glue board ,  wood block ,  fiberboard and flakeboard ; "
they show the true nature of us californians . 
it is inconceivable that she could be considered for the job . 
the upcoming big apple tv will use iphone ' s siri ' personal assistant '  as its main control method  -  and will use touch control as a back up . 
mainly crepuscular or nocturnal nonpasserine birds with mottled grayish - brown plumage and large eyes ;  feed on insects . 
mr .  geithner said the u . s .  shares the concerns of businesses that china ' s approach ' has the potential to discriminate against foreign - made products and could disadvantage american exporters and investors .  ' 
" "" mama ,  and daddy and i are going back and we ' ll leave you here all by yourself ,  ""  teased the older boy ,  making a face . "
i see what this is all about . 
"but in harder hit areas ,  the war and the weather keep taking their toll . "
"what did you come up with ,  genius ? "
"he spent the day on a tour of the palestinian territory .  he visited the home of the assassinated founder of hamas ,  sheikh ahmed yassin ,  and also went to the mourning house of the military commander who was killed by an israeli airstrike last month leading to an eight - day conflict with palestinian militants . "
"i said ,   "" a day !  how long does it take them to fall off ?  "" "
just because it wasn ' t the most popular download of the year doesn ' t mean it wasn ' t useful ;  sound off in the comments to share your favorite download and why it was useful . 
the government and individual operators of micro - blogging sites have also stepped in to monitor posted content . 
"what could be more lonely than to be enveloped in silence , "
reports quoting the military in guinea - bissau say the army has arrested the alleged leader of a failed coup attempt two weeks ago . 
an accountant is someone who has a college degree and perhaps has a special certification  -  a special kind of training to do taxes and that sort of thing . 
"interestingly ,  samsung last week bumped up the head of its mobile division ,  j .  k .  shin ,  to c0 - ceo of the company with two other executives :  boo - keun yoon ,  who heads the tv and consumer electronics division ,  and vice - chairman oh - hyun kwon .  as samsung brings its devices into an age of the internet of things ,  where more gadgets ,  from your phone to your smart tv ,  talk to one another ,  it makes sense for its disparate divisions to collaborate with one another more .  at shin ' s division ,  that has already helped samsung quickly churn out innovative products like the galaxy s4 . "
she completed the work at the expense of her health . 
"other items to consider carrying :  an umbrella ,  a pair of flip - flops if you don ' t want to pad around a hotel room barefoot ;  an empty water bottle to fill once inside security so you can avoid paying  $ 4 a bottle at the airport store . "
"facing the social milieu variety trend that the network technique is changing the mankind life and the work method ,  it is our inevitable choice to adapt the developing request of the social personnel and establishing campus net . "
"likewise ,  my bike gave a striking strike to the two men alike . "
but to go into agriculture and also to instigate change from within . 
"some element relationship models based on iso 13335 and iso 15408 were analyzed and to overcome redundancy and static state of relationships in those models ,  directness consequence rule and time dynamic rule should be observed , and grading of protection requirements should be taken into account . "
but i wanna come with you . 
"the girl ,  tears streaming down her face ,  begged to be allowed to slip into the guard ' s van . "
"for example ,  proenza schouler uses metallic fabric ,  while alice  +  olivia pairs theirs with a crop top ,  which offsets the length and makes wearers look taller . "
for sharpening mill saws and various cutting tools as a general purpose file for shop floor workings . 
 ( squeaklng )   ( shushlng )  i want to help you . 
this paper also discusses the possible reaction mechanism by using sodium sulfite as reducing agent . 
"you think you can save him ,  but you can ' t . "
"the maputo authorities aim to achieve a production of 898 , 094 metric tons in three growing seasons from 2008 / 9 .  mozambique ' s rice consumption deficit is estimated at around 316 , 000 tons . "
"so it ' s out in the middle of nowhere ,  and you approach it . "
"li ji ,  who works for the school department of the communist youth league ' s central committee ,  believes that social practices can help freshmen and sophomores improve their personal skills and competitiveness . "
it ' s just sampling what ' s out there in the computational universe
the research of tcm has important directive significance to the cost management reform of chongqing rural credit cooperation . 
"in order to help these students ,  xie yongqiang ,  from the chengdu municipal bureau of justice ,  posted a guideline for transferring hukou on a micro blog . "
"clear acrylic phallus ,  with a camera and a light source , "
"from 197to 1995 ,  mr mineta represented a district in silicon valley in the us house of representatives . "
"after baseball batters watch baseball pitchers throw curves ,  they learn to correctly anticipate when baseball pitchers will throw their curves . "
i always watch football on television ， but i also like basketball and gymnastics . 
"while public attention has focused on wind turbines as a menace to birds ,  a new study shows that a far greater threat may be posed by a more familiar antagonist :  the pet house cat . "
results  ( 1 )  the production of cdp  [ m 14 c ]  choline from lung tissue microsomal cct and cytosolic cct was dependant on length of reaction time and the content of protein ; 
u . s .  defense secretary robert gates says he will urge caution and prudence in nato ' s response to russia ' s actions in georgia when he meets with alliance defense ministers in london friday . 
"which was a kind of ridiculous title ,  but someone else has taken it on , "
a participant’s final score for each type of recollection was the number of such items recalled or invented in at least one of his two debriefings . 
lt ' il take my boys two days to cover the quarter mile . 
get me the hell out of here . 
"based on the thought of lifelong education and the concept of learning society , this paper studies how to build a lifelong education system for library and information staff in a learning society . "
she ' s really more like a caramel color if you look at her . 
" "" no longer shall we have people ringing us up on monday from new zealand and australia thinking it is monday when we are closing our eyes and praying at churches .  and vice versa on our fridays when we ring up and already our contacts are holidaying on their saturdays ,  ""  he told radio new zealand on friday . "
"ok ,  so flying to warm and exotic climes is great for people who live in cold winter climates . "
"in brazil ,  zte supplies cell phones to portuguese - spanish mobile carrier vivo ,  which sells them with the aiko branding ,  but the chinese company plans to launch its own brand in brazil ,  as is the case in 40 other countries . "
he is accused of drug trafficking and murdering members of rival gangs . 
" "" the photographer asked me  ' have you seen that car ?  the owner won ' t be happy .  i said :  '  i am the owner .  crikey ,  that ' s awful .   '  "" "
"she will help you out of pity .  "" "
"somebody said we are super poor ,  and we are also super power . "
"many federally owned chimpanzees were bred to support aids research ,  but later proved inferior to more modern technologies . "
yet i believe the price we pay is well worth holding on
"it ' s like an agile athlete balancing on one foot :  they constantly adjust and realign themselves ,  but these adjustments are virtually unnoticeable in the context of the performance . "
carbidopa delays the change in levodopa until after it reaches the brain . 
"about three years ago ,  some 2 ,  500 employees at land o  ' lakes inc .  used company - issued blackberrys .  today ,  the number at the minnesota butter maker is down to 12 . "
"a few years ago ,  we did a performance piece in venice ,  italy , "
end it all now while you ' re still a beast . 
yet the increasing ability of brazilian clubs to attract and retain talent is also an indicator of another positive trend . 
"speaking in uganda ,  a spokesman for the rebels said they would continue with the peace negotiations even if the congolese government refused to sign a ceasefire with them . "
"you know ,  it ' s a spatula ,  it ' s a pry bar , "
the lishi tunnel in lishi city of shanxi province is the first multi  -  arch loess tunnel . 
it ' shows that fiscal agricultural support has a negative effect to agriculture output . 
"i will not deal with those first two ,  except to say"
and move it to a place where everybody is consciously listening all the time  -  - 
why don ' t we race to the front door ? 
the attendees of the meeting had already fled . 
and that wind in my face made me believe
"democratic senator patrick leahy ,  republican senator john ensign and other lawmakers are relieved to see a swift end to craig ' s sex scandal . "
"let ' s just take the picture ,  all right ? "
"and we band - aided it here ,  onto a gurney ,  a hospital trolley , "
the minister had to field some tricky questions from the reporters . 
"other researchers — who use different sampling methods — get different results .  so ,  a phone - based survey that asked participants more free - form questions seven times a day found that men think about sex less than they think about  "" food ,  sleep ,  personal hygiene ,  social contact ,  time off ,  and  ( until about 5 p .  m .  )  coffee .  "" "
please make sure that you have it with you all the time .  you need to show it when you sign in for your meals and drinks in the restaurants and the bars . 
"a side trip to the ming tombs will take you into the underground palaces where 13 of the ming dynasty  ( 1368 - 1644 )  emperors were laid to rest .  of course ,  you don ' t need to see them all .   ( only two of them are open to the public anyway .  )  a sampling of dingling ,  which is the mausoleum of the 10th emperor and his two empresses ,  should be enough . "
"actually ,  mother and i are leaving today . "
it ' s not right to grieve that long . 
"secondly ,  by comparing the distribution ' s tail behavior of prior distributions and likelihood distribution ,  a robust fusion method about priors is given when prior information comes from different sources . "
"the morning will surely come ,  the darkness will vanish ,  and thy voice pour down in golden streams breaking through the sky . "
"and while holding my breath it would drop to 12 beats per minute , "
"adult sibling rivalry .  experts say it remains one of the most harmful and least addressed issues in a family .  we know it when we see it .  often ,  we deeply regret it .  but we have no idea what to do about it . "
"though small in size ,  the shop specially supplies seasonable goods .  you ' ll never be disappointed . "
"bender ,  were you built without an imagination ? "
russian president dmitry medvedev and german chancellor angela merkel met in the black sea coast city sochi not far from georgia and its breakaway provinces to discuss the unfolding events of the last week . 
"the ipo of what is considered to the biggest mozambican insurance company ,  will be the second operation of its kind this year following the sale of 10 percent of state - owned oil and gas company ,  companhia mo çambicana de hidrocarbonetos ( cmh )  ,  a subsidiary of empresa nacional de hidrocarbonetos ( enh )  . "
"and it ' s a good thing that there isn ' t ,  because if there were , "
"so these molecular motors  -  -  we had to work with the harvard scientists and databank models of the atomically accurate molecules and figure out how they moved ,  and figure out what they did . "
a second click of the format  -  undo button would reverse the italicize operation . 
"and if your employer offers a course in time management ,  sign up for it . "
"well ,  you know ,  i always find it almost impossible to believe that you say that ,  because between the fertility doctors and the injections and the woman who chanted over my sperm .  .  . "
he was a shrewd businessman .  he knew which side his bread was buttered on . 
"after all we weigh it down ,  we could walk it right over there . "
my mother is at home looking after my sister victoria and my brother little frank . 
it would have been very typical of pirates . 
"fan ,  notor ,  water  -  pump and voltage transformer arethe four kinds of common electromechanical equipments ,  also big energyeaters . "
"run  -  -  commerce limited to  -  standard electronic instrumentation design ,  production and sales  -  oriented high  -  tech enterprises . "
simulation model of rms is built and the method of real time simulation is put forward . 
"with the broader market open ,  the rising is not covered with gold agate tree ,  but three poison ,  the middle side door geely khan . "
"they are currently scanning more than 3 , 000 books every day ,  and the entire project will probably cost more than 100 million dollars . "
"but a good estimate is about 10 to the 20 ,  or 100 billion billion . "
"the wanting part of the mind ,  the craving part of the mind . "
"very convenient to carry ,  will fit easily in your purse so you can touch up on the go . "
the duke wanted to give visible expression to his position in both impressive buildings like the grand church and grandiose paintings like the last supper . 
crusoe also began to keep a journal of his experiences . 
"excuse me ,  what are you doing ? "
"i preferred  "" terminators ""  but it bumped with legal . "
"in that one ,  there were 400 people that worked on the floor . "
china is committed to allowing market forces to play a bigger role in economic development .  deals of this sort seem to be driven by market forces with chinese characteristics . 
"after a couple of hours , our car got round to the high - way . "
they already know who their base votes are and making sure they get out and vote . 
look at the type library header files  (  .  tlh and .  tli )  . 
do you realize what you ' ve just seen ? 
jn .  15 : 4 abide in me and i in you . 
"i ' m only staying here because your uncle chuck ,  he ' s afraid to sleep alone . "
"statistically ,  it ' s the biggest booming auto market in the world  -  - "
how to eat it :  the research team advises boiling the peel for ten ¬ minutes and drinking the cooled water or putting it through a juicer and drinking the juice . 
"if you ' d arrived a half hour ago ,  you would have fulfilled your purpose . "
but the direct costs are really only the tip of the iceberg . 
"many yushchenko supporters took to the street wearing orange or carrying orange flags and began protesting ,  leading to an annulment of the vote and a new vote . "
voting ' s underway in parliamentary elections in the french - speaking canadian province of quebec . 
the ashtray slid from bonnie ' s head and she patted where it had been and looked around puzzled . 
fischer senior ' s right - hand man fischer junior ' s godfather . 
"desperatelylonely at only 17 years old may not be normal ,  but so many things had happened in my life to make me feel like my world was crashing down . "
" ( 2 )   ( a )  articles 1 to 12 shall enter into force ,  with respect to the first ten countries of the union which have deposited instruments of ratification or accession without making the declaration permitted under paragraph  ( 1 )  ( b )   ( i )  ,  three months after the deposit of the tenth such instrument of ratification or accession . "
the deputy general managers shall assist the general manager in his work and act as the agent of the general manager during his absence and exercise the functions of the general manager . 
"ks :  so you see there ,  it didn ' t bounce back .  now ,  this was"
"when my mother worked nights ,  my responsibility grew to two additional children ,  who were school aged ,  and all that itentailed . "
i can feel the invisible stirrings in the air . 
"they feared they might be rejected for doing so ,  or were simply shy . "
"they found it ' surging and tossing ,  in quest of defarge himself . "
"their misdeeds ,  serving as a negative example ,  make us realize all the more clearly that even though we have a dictatorship of the proletariat ,  unless we modernize our country ,  raise our scientific and technological level ,  develop our productive forces and thus strengthen our country and improve the material and cultural life of our people -  -  unless we do all this ,  our socialist political and economic system cannot be fully consolidated ,  and there can be no sure guarantee for the country ' s security . "
"we can see this happening in the u . s .  ,  where rents in cities like san francisco ,  washington d .  c .  ,  new york and other innovative cities are skyrocketing along with salaries .  in an environment where the most productive workers are seeing rapidly rising property values ,  it makes sense that people would want to buy a home rather than rent .  after all ,  what force is going to stop this trend in rising prices ? "
objective :  to discuss the influence of smoking on nasal airway resistance  ( nar )  . 
a group of glide staff members and supporters gathered in a small hotel ballroom friday to watch the auction results . 
my experience on that was too bitter . 
"you know ,  foxes live in holes for a reason . "
"because you understand what ' s doing it ,  it doesn ' t make you worried ? "
"to rub strings ,  like the bow of a violin , "
"retinal hemorrhage ,  and blurring of the optic dise cause visual disturbances . "
lm :  well right now i ' m in college at the university of connecticut . 
"then ,  he took a deep breath ,  turned right into the maze ,  and jogged slowly into the unknown . "
there is some relationship between the endoplasmic reticulum and the mitochondria . 
"chris anderson :  okay ,  well that makes sense .  thanks a lot misha . "
you call the mayor and you tell him the price . 
i would like to emphasize that we are ready to meet the management at any time . 
"i know what day it is ,  valentine . "
"in fjr  ( flexible joint robot )  control literature ,  integral manifold approach ,  observer approach and back - stepping are the most popular methodologies . "
it ' s because 50 %  of them are bioroids . 
in the sense that i don ' t usually tell my own stories . 
they need to get some mexicans working in here . 
"the secretary of state added that the portuguese government was“working with the macau government and macau companies ,  ”to make the most of this“niche ,  ”which was a focus of the recent visit by portugal ' s prime minister to china . "
"the doctor asked me to breathe in ,  then to breathe out fully . "
the growing black economy is beginning to worry the government . 
"if you were in your office right now ,  we ' d be having this conversation face to face . "
"however ,  the list of potential operators also includes addax petroleum ,  which sinopec acquired in june 2009 for us $ 7 billion ,  which“increases the possibilities of sinopec obtaining assets as an operator in angola ,  ”the analyst wrote . "
in the 1920 s icc focused on reparations and war debts . 
" "" it strengthens your body ,  improves blood circulation and it ' s fun ,  ""  says chen . "
i ' m ready whenever the good lord calls me . 
"oh ,  gloria ,  i ' d likeyou to meet my new friend ,  amanda . "
"so the way it works is ,  you go down the hallway and you see if"
"santa monica police chief jacqueline seabrooks told reporters the rampage began at a house in before the gunman ,  dressed all in black ,  made his way to santa monica college . "
this time it did now swim out .  it swam round one of the piles under the bridge and again broke the line . 
the appeal court dismissed the appeal by wasy of case stated . 
"the white house says the two leaders discussed iran ' s nuclear program duringan hour - long telephone call tuesday night ,  and are united in keeping iranfrom obtaining a nuclear weapon . "
aim enanthal diethyl acetal is prepared with heptaldehyde and triethyl orthoformate as raw materials . 
"if it ' s in the line of duty ,  you can tell me to do something and i ' il do it . "
"as she worked at her restaurant ,  an assailant threw acid in her face on behalf of a jealous rival . "
"if you get married ,  get divorced ,  change jobs ,  or move ,  it can come back to bite you . "
"another result of sun damage ,  they can become cancerous if not removed ,  so see your doc asap if you think you may have one . "
requires my brain to adopt the other person ' s point of view . 
"linen and cotton paper ,  which the european learned about from the chinese through the arabians ,  replaced parchment and papyrus from the twelfth century on . "
"matt ,  don ' t go in the water ,  it ' s cold"
it ' s very sporting of you to give me an initial advantage . 
so did harris ever testify in open court ? 
"“entrepreneurship is not the whole of your life .  you also need time for rest , ” said chen .  “even if making money is your sole purpose ,  you still should know when it’s the right time to slow down ,  or even quit . ”"
"if so ,  you must work to change your beliefs ;  that is to say ,  the meaning you give to things related to pleasure or pain they bring you . "
"structure ,  work principle and service and maintenance of the automatic valve clearance ad  -  juster are introduced . "
there have been calls for the local government to ban prostitution . 
older workers can be as adaptable and quick to learn as anyone else . 
"but the nigerian military has previously bombed villages that it believes sheltering members of boko haram ,  an islamist insurgent group . "
"little bit stupid ,  but not that abnormal , "
"we don ' t have a situation that iran has ,  for example , "
though he closed his eyes and called on jesus -  -  - calling over and over again the name of jesus -  -  - his pagan body stiffened and flamed . 
"however ,  the wto added that recent business surveys and industrial production data pointed to a firmer start to 2014 in the us and europe . "
"mr .  lu ' s previous positions ,  as the company ' s chief data officer and head of alibaba ' s mobile operating system indicate the company will stick to previous initiatives laid out by mr .  ma .  the company has been working to make use of the massive amounts of data it collects on transactions and users ,  and also to expand beyond its formidable command of the pc internet commerce sector to attract china ' s growing number of smartphone users to its mobile services . "
his mission and his message is about the aravind eye care system . 
"this is a great way of getting out of those silos , "
"but of course ,  you ' re also apologizing ,  in some ways ,  for using that word . "
"the photograph was taken outside a café in the bohemian californian city of san francisco ,  which may go some way to explaining why he is dressed in a stylish grey and purple sweater . "
"because thousands of protesting garment workers ,  who have gone on strikes since wednesday over low wage hike , "
"wearing heavy make - up and gold stilettos ,  thylane lena - rose blondeau sprawls seductively on leopard - print bed covers . "
i ' ve had about three red bulls in the last 15 minutes . 
" "" the kardashians ,  charlie sheen ,  the people on hit shows like  ' dance moms '  and '  bridezilla  '  -  - the more mean - spirited they are ,  the more attention they get . "
"if you look at the basic substructure of matter , "
the lawyer confuted the testimony of the witness by showing actual photographs of the accident . 
" "" during the deepest period of the economic crisis in cuba ,  from 1991 to 1995 ,  food was scarce and access to gas was greatly reduced ,  virtually eliminating motorised transport and causing the industrial and agricultural sectors to shift to manual intensive labour , ” said prof manuel franco ,  who led the international team of researchers from spain ,  cuba and the united states . "
"japan is one of the world ' s most seismically active nations but there have been no fatalities from volcanic eruptions since 1991 ,  when 43 people died at mount unzen in the south - west . "
"so they went up and explored the land from the desert of asas rehob ,  toward hamath . "
"the trend is happening all over the world ,  but especially in europe . "
 #  she ' s not the leader of religion  # 
"for example ,  universities sometimes give an honorary degree to a famous writer or a famous actor . "
but we got it all figured out . 
"it ' s very prestigious ,  due to my artistic greatness . "
"they told me they weren’t supposed to give out this kind of information ,  but i begged ,  ” my mom says . "
"i have studied this device ,  but have been unable to activate it . "
"prince harry stepped out of big brother william ' s shadow long ago ,  establishing himself as a carefree  ( and now single )  ,  loyal royal . "
i was thinking we could go on friday . 
" "" if that is the case ,  then you can sit with the soldiers ,  ""  they said . "
"what they ' re looking for :  many direct patient care and patient support jobs as well as business support including experienced registered nurses ,  allied health professionals ,  it professionals ,  and others . "
"willie ,  when somebody asks you a question .  .  .  they expect an answer . "
"the formation  -  types are first rearranged into four major biochores  -  forest ,  savanna ,  grassland ,  and desert . "
i remember every single face in your family
"now floating in the surface of the sargasso sea , "
"in the first part of the thesis ,  based on the portfolio theory and the analysis on the deposit - and -  loan of banks ,  the paper draws the conclusion that the banks '  operation itself may cause problem assets . "
the necessary numbers have been etched onto two of your teeth . 
"a study published in the international journal the lancet found that people whose diet consists primarily of fatty food  -  such as hamburgers ,  french fries and pizza  -  weigh more and have an increased risk of insulin resistance compared to people who limit their consumption of foods high in fat . "
"so we do need to start looking into the research .  "" "
"and the only one who can answer that question is you , "
the thief was put into prison for one year . 
this is the transmitter we found in the vault . 
both methods result in tridiagonal systems of linear equations that can be solved efficiently . 
"maybe archaeopteryx wasn ' t on the direct ancestral line to birds ,  but was part of an early experimentation in how to build a bird  -  like body . "
"i had to go to the bank this morning ,  mom . "
 #  i wish i didn ' t have to make  # 
the system is much bigger than i thought . 
"in the nation ' s capital ,  actorsportrayingamerica ' s founders re - enacted the signing of the declaration of independence . "
david hughes at ohio state university has written a primer on afrocentric architecture
"between him and michael ,  honestly .  .  .  they could sell bubble gum in the lockjaw ward at bellevue . "
"in much of europe ,  pupils from many ethnic minorities linger at the bottom of the heap ,  says ' s chris hamnett of king college london . "
these thoughts and connotations have important inspirational function for building harmonious society . 
"objective to investigate the rate of incidence ,  cause ,  treatment and recovery cephalic presentation dystocia . "
i just want to be able to make my own decision . 
"in 2010 the number of visitors to gorongosa park was up 34 percent year - on - year and it is once again becoming one of africa ' s top eco - tourism destinations ,  as it was in the 1960s and 70s when it was visited by film stars ,  astronauts and other celebrities . "
it is important not to use conventional chucks for hammer drilling . 
an array is needed because a single mirror big enough to do the job of separating star from planet would be too large to launch . 
"many of the gains are likely the result of surging demand by chinese students ,  who still see a u . s .  degree as attractive even as their local schools gain in global reputation ,  says jeffrey allum ,  director of research and policy analysis at the council of graduate schools .   ( we wrote recently about the challenges faced by ceibs ,  a shanghai - based business school ,  as it tries to launch into the top tier of programs worldwide .  ) "
"due to the presence of the comoe river ,  it contains plants which are normally only found much farther south ,  such as shrub savannahs and patches of thick rainforest . "
"i mean ,  what kind of reverse prejudice is that ? "
"this is about twice the gdp of the united kingdom , "
the nurse assisted with the preparation of the medicine . 
an ohio woman who is pregnant with another woman ' s child after a mix  - up at a fertility clinic has agreed to hand over the baby to the biological mother after she gives birth in the coming days . 
my maria and… her little smile when she laid on my chest . 
"if your dress has an open neckline ,  be sure to warm up your neck and chest with a dusting of bronzing powder . "
"you ' re gonna shut down this power grid ,  please ,  for one second . "
i ' m a sales manager .  my job is to welcome people as they come into the company ' s building .  i ' ve been in this company for 2 years . 
"oh ,  leave it to the beaver .   / in your dreams . "
"so many cops ,  you ' d think they were giving away donuts . "
 ' cause i don ' t want it in my body . 
and for those who are ready to get married
it aims to raise awareness of the global plan endorsed by leaders to end new childhood hiv infections by 2015 . 
it ' s just you say three more have to be killed . 
like anybody ' s ever even heard of that . 
"the program covers economic and business relations ,  education and training ,  health ,  agriculture ,  the environment and fisheries ,  culture ,  defense and youth . "
"based on ricardian rents theory ,  this paper analyzed the comparative advantage of xuyi crawfish from the aspects of climates ,  water area ,  feed and district advantage . "
it ' s a frustration that threatens to tear apart one of the last seams holding yemen together . 
"real scotch whisky is a simple creation of water and barley ,  which grows well in the cool climate and summer rains that are common north of the border . "
" "" yes ,  it ' s good to be spiritual ,  but praying in the face of disaster will not stop the disaster ,  ""  says emmerich in an interview with time out magazine .   "" fate ,  luck and coincidence might help you survive ,  but not prayer .  we show this in a scene in the sistine chapel  [ in rome ]  where we create a big crack in the fresco of god and adam .  and then the whole church falls on a big crowd .  "" "
think of all the fun you two could have picking out intimate apparel together . 
for being the vertebrate growth champion of the world . 
regional differentiation characteristics of foreign direct investments in the united states
until the mystery of the beginnings of the history of the universe
"using fibre channel interconnections ,  sans deliver massive packets of data to the servers at gigabit  ' speeds . "
do you remember how i panicked like a mad man when jonathon was born ? 
"while the public has cried out support of my shining a light on this secret system of injustice ,  the government of the united states of america responded with an extrajudicial man - hunt costing me my family ,  my freedom to travel and my right to live peacefully without fear of illegalaggression . "
"the most recent example is the suit against fox searchlight pictures ,  which is a huge blow to the media and entertainment industry that has traditionally been reliant upon unpaid interns . "
"because when you are totally at peace within yourself ,  nothing can shake you . "
"this work has been done with an extraordinary group of people , "
"nobody sticks with an exercise routine they hate .  you have to at least be able to tolerate a fair amount of the workout you plan for yourself and find a way to stay motivated to do the rest .  if you like the traditional route — that is ,  exercising for around 30 - 45 minutes a few days a week — we put together a lifehacker workout routine that you can follow easily .  you can even track your progress .  if you have less time ,  or just prefer to pack in an intense workout into fewer minutes ,  we made a mini - app that generates 20 - minute workouts for you .  each one is randomly created based on the type of workout you want .  they all take 20 minutes and your goal is to do one six days a week with one day set aside for relaxation .  after posting this ,  we learned about a web and mobile app called sworkit that does a similar thing ,  only it isn ' t limited to 20 minutes .  you can put together a randomly - generated routine for virtually any time limit up to an hour .  what ' s better is that you ' re not limited to your web browser and can take it with you on your android or iphone . "
"basically ,  at any given time ,  any servant region will only bind to a single specific service class work queue and select requests from there . "
"if your team is focused on the wrong priorities ,  reading the cards will help you figure that out .  let ' s say some of them have completely misunderstood the next steps you ' ve outlined .  you might say ,   "" i ' ve got good news and bad news .  the bad news is we ' re all over the place .  the good news is it ' s my responsibility to fix that .  i ' m going to do a better job so in the future we can all be on the same page .  if i were to ask myself what i thought were the most important ,  critical ,  and urgent things ,  they would be the following .  "" "
"he was a master mechanic ,  and he taught me how to use tools . "
"new york  /  /  the catskills may only be 90 minutes from manhattan ,  but this semi - mountainous region is alive with color in the fall .  revel amid the changing leaves in the tiny town of phoenicia ,  where a quartet of entrepreneurial brooklynites recently debuted the graham co .  ,  a hotel with 20 rustic rooms ,  an al fresco pool and ultra - informed staffers with full foliage knowledge .  thegrahamandco .  com"
"and he arose early in the morning on the fifth day to depart :  and the damsel ' s father said ,  comfort thine heart ,  i pray thee . "
other powers agreed to would allow members to investigate allegations of vote rigging and the jailing of political leaders . 
your mother and i saved up every dime to put you through school
"ca :  what are your own plans ?  are you staying at mit , "
we gotta make the engine before we hit flat top tunnel . 
it ' s from these renegade angels that ' ve been stuck on earth since the plagues . 
i always wanted to go home with you . 
"to lose weight fast ,  sail off the coast of sri lanka . "
tests revealed the patient suffered two rare genetic disorders that had goneundiagnosed . 
i told that idiot they ' ll be junk bonds in a month . 
i just can ' t tell you  -  -  there ' s one thing i want to tell you . 
so designers all over the world can analyze their products
is this all a working stiff like you can expect ? 
"dad always stuck up for you ,  you should do the same for him . "
so this is not a zero - sum game in anyway . 
"patches ,  no ,  that computer is not a chew toy . "
"the proteins chosen to light up are ones the bacteria don ' t normally use ,  so unless the researchers activate them ,  they stay quiescent . "
"and the world that i hope to leave to the next generation , "
"on dec .  31 ,  cppib had  $ 6 . 2 billion canadian dollars invested directly in australia ,  a figure that represents 3 . 6 %  of its total portfolio . "
"a new -  found stability will be a far cry from recovery ,  however as record foreclosures ,  a sizable pool of bank  -  owned property ,  steep unemployment and wage cuts temper a rebound ,  economists said . "
the boy accepted full responsibility for breaking the window . 
james gardner has got me an answer on quora about whether someone ' s smart or not . 
we actually bombed two iranian oil platforms that year . 
it has launched seven widely respected electronic journals since its foundation in 2000 . 
"miss you much every day .  morning ,  three times ,  night ,  four times .  so called ,  chop and change ! "
our car ran out of petrol on the moors but fortunately we were able to flag down a passing motorist
"well ,  maybe we should ' ve offeredto do that with him . "
the baby took one suck at the milk bottle and pushed it away . 
"instead of being bullied ,  i ' il bully others ! "
my father spent all his time at study .  .  .  of books and learning and philosophy . 
"maputo ,  mozambique ,  28 july–portugal ' s banco esp írito santo ( bes )  is to pay us $ 35 million for a 25 . 1 percent stake in mozambique ' s moza banco ,  mozambican newspaper o pa ís reported . "
"and finally ,  i ' m going to get back to that sort of crazy idea"
"we should speak aloud ,  and one at a time . "
"the tourism and hotel sector was the main target for investment ,  with projects costing a total us $ 83 . 9 million ,  followed by the agricultural sector ( us $ 41 . 1 million )  and industry ( us $ 16 . 5 million )  . "
"give her a call and let her know you want to talk for a while ,  or set up a phone date ahead of time so you ' ll both be free to focus on each other . "
"the bridge ,  which will take 36 months to be built ,  is 2 . 3 kilometers long and 16 meters wide and will cost 67 million euros ,  which are provided by the european union ( 25 million )  ,  sweden ( 21 million )  and italy ( 20 million )  . "
this dreaded disease eventually wore down even the likes of a little dynamo like tyler . 
"it ' s not a laborer  -  -  it ' s simply an electronic lathe , "
"well ,  come on ,  don ' t look like that . "
"it was that little girl ' s mother ,  dude . "
"heavy fighting has been raging in basra following a major pre - dawn offensive by thousands of iraqi troops against shi ' ite militias in the southern city .  iraqi officials say at least 12 people have been killed and 18 wounded in the clashes ,  but the numbers could be higher .  shi ' ite cleric moqtada al - sadr is threatening a campaign of  "" civil disobedience ""  if the crackdown on his militias continues . "
"if you must go ,  at least wait till the rain stops . "
"china ' s cabinet has said it expects a system of paid leave ,  which would help alleviate the holiday crunch ,  to be fully in place by 2020 .  but xinhua argued that such a system would disproportionately benefit workers in government organizations and state - owned enterprises ,  since factory workers or employees of private companies could simply have their vacation requests denied . "
the telegraph brand will appear on some products but not all . 
" "" that ' s why we ' re on the road ,  tonight ,  ""  he says . "
"perhaps the largest single gathering of human beings ever , "
"it is ,  quite simply ,  frightening to think that a movement this deranged wields so much political power . "
and so to illuminate the unnecessary of the cohabit  -  obligation between mate and the state neutralism . 
"saudi arabia has dismissed a speech from the syrian president bashar al - assad ,  in which he repeated that the conflict in syria was the result of foreign interference . "
6 .  nobody is going to look out for you but you . 
a complete projection of our selling and buying program will be sent to you separately . 
"soren ,  yes ,  it is for me to decide . "
"they are photosensitive and must never be exposed .  .  .  to any light much stronger than this .  otherwise ,  in a matter of minutes .  .  .  they will break out in sores and blisters .  .  .  and begin to suffocate . "
are there any polar express passengers in need of refreshment ? 
"rumei :  yes ,  we are .  we ' re visiting many parts of your country .  dashan is an excellent guide . "
"the bank thus far known as bta ,  will now change its name to banco caixa geral totta angola and cgd will also manage the bank ,  despite having an initially smaller stake than the angolan investors . "
"they always say that ,  does it matter ? "
i ' m agent griffin hull of the fbl . 
"they get picked up by these creatures i ' ve called uber - moms , "
"above suspicion ,  tom sofia is a hero im his friend ' s mind . "
to request a review the applicant should complete form hsmp  ( rev )  . 
"artem says ,  after joann asks him the question about his son ' s personalities ,  “it’s funny you ask that . ” he means it ' s interesting that you are asking me that . "
he wrote some very interesting letters to one of his friends
" ' some of them are not satisfied with their jobs ,  but we don ' t have many choices . "
a thousand nations of the persian empire descend upon you . 
it ' s a chance to atone for a mistake he believes the united states made when it turned away from wind energy . 
i think that ' s worth taking note of . 
i guess that ' s that part .  we got the bow .  that bow helps . 
the lead crews will be underground for pushing 30 days straight . 
"his gestures–the way he walks or holds a bag ,  uses hand cream and applies lip balm–reveal his prissy nature . "
"i haven ' t slept in three days ,  the beer ' s warm , "
"it ' s very kind of you .  but no ,  thank you . "
you would be allowed to bring objects or performers into the performing chamber : 
but it also said there was no specific threat that an attack was going to happen . 
and every morning they had breakfast with their grandmother . 
that ' s  ' cause .  .  .  you are not a girl . 
"the poor man ' s affairs are in a bad way ,  though this did not prevent him from paying off my bailiff and dismissing the watchman . "
we make all kinds of cool shit . 
we can ' t count on the 1 million men we captured in jiangnan . 
how do we shift from the mainframe to the home . 
right over there .  and i didn ' t even prompt him . 
"the country crooner wore a form - fitting ,  short - sleeved ,  gold lamé gown by gucci première comprised of a crystal mesh overlay and gemstone detailing at the neckline ,  arms and waist . "
the one at the corner of the big avenue . 
"even though i suspect the scientists may have set up their gear in the wrong place ,  they are surely on to something . "
"the very large separate areas of water are called  "" oceans ""  and the lesser areas are called  "" seas .  "" "
an underwater laser imaging system with low power semiconductor laser is analysed . 
"the law of the heavens .  .  .  dictates the rule of earthly life .  .  .  under the circle ,  within the square .  .  .  everyone has his proper placement . "
"norwegian ships off the coast of cyprus waiting for the call to head to syria to pick up some of the world ' s most dangerous cargo ,  chemical weapons ,  like those blamed for the deadly attack on civilians in august . "
"have an obsession with solving the problems of reality , "
"on the way back home ,  we have a flat tire . "
"i couldn ' t leave the story ,  and i couldn ' t leave the topic either , "
"the grn is in charge of the rebuilding of 2 , 350 kilometers of road in2008 ,  as well as urban road works in localities served by those roads . "
let’s check out today’s most popular korean drama stars and see how their hallmark handsomeness and signature beauty can be described in the english language . 
"if the times call for peace protests ,  you pull every stunt you can dream up to garner media attention . "
and one of the thoughts that i had dealing with these two separate emergences
"in june ,  they got a phone call from someone who wanted to buy a helicopter for fun . "
"well ,  you are gonna love what clay ' s cooked up . "
it ' s easy to be offended when a colleague yawns while you ' re talking .  but that yawn may not mean what you think . 
it ' s a different kind of course .  and they ' ve got five apples ? 
drawing part :  it has adopted pneumatic gripping and the famous brand frequency control systems which enable the stable drawing of the pipes . 
there seems to be something about finding emotion in a place where it is not expected that upsets people . 
"the anarchic global structure also makes it impossible for governments to fully trust each other ,  forcing states to be guided solely by their own national interests . "
it could be a business trip ;  it could be a trip for pleasure or for a vacation . 
you ' re a pain in the ass with your blaspheming ! 
"sustainability as currently practised in the built environment ,  is primarily an exercise in efficiency . "
and sort of the posterbirds for this idea are the birds up there . 
" "" he thinks i ' m a terrible goose and you know it .  "" "
"woody guthrie wrote it in nineteen forty in reaction to irving berlin ' s popular song ,   "" god bless america . "
to be a predator than one that you ' ve never seen before . 
"with experience ,  and with improved apparatus ,  it is now possible not only to locate a shoal but to tell if it is herring ,  cod ,  or other well - known fish ,  by the pattern of its echo . "
"and he will be insulated from the poisonous atmosphere in london ,  where it was confirmed this week that the victims of phone - hacking by news of the world  ( now )  journalists included none other than mr murdoch ' s disgraced former sidekick ,  rebekah brooks ,  who at the time was editor of now ' s stablemate ,  the sun . "
the three  -  parametric method is developed to solve large scale linear algebraic equations with periodic block  -  tridiagonal matrix . 
"incidentally ,  mrs mills ,  i ' ve had to put up with the noise .  .  .  of lydia running around above my head . "
"and you see me worried and trying to protect my child , "
"that face ,  but with better headlights . "
"according to the figures published by macau ' s airports administration ,  between january and july of this year 2 . 684 million people used macau airport ,  26 , 318 aircraft movements were recorded ,  86 , 857 tons of cargo were processed and 94 tons of mail .  . "
"clinton says her record of public service as an attorney ,  first lady and u . s .  senator from new york makes her the candidate best prepared to take on the duties of president on her first day in the white house .  obama responded : "
"since its appearance ,  turbo code has attracted much interest because of its excellent performance approaching to shannon limit .  it was honored the greatest discovery of channel coding since ungerboeck put forward trellis coding modul - ation ( tcm )  . "
i feel that he ' s the one i love . 
you don ' t wanna hear step three ? 
"despite sometimes horrific conditions and recent spells of inmate violence ,  parts of brazil are considered innovative in prison management . "
"but as the global financial crisis took hold ,  it froze development of a major plant in changchun ,  a northeastern industrial centre ,  and delayed approval for capacity increases at other facilities . "
cang li man has to reach out to grasp the handrail firmly and says to himself，“the god *  cockroach understands everything . ”
"an example might be the average surface temperatures ,  something that most people can relate to .  or also ,  the minimum and maximum surface temperatures . "
"we can do it microfluidically ,  we can do it lithographically , "
i thought i could put cell towers and create a network . 
we can help customer in relocating  &  reinstalling their existing furniture . 
"i mean ,  he paid us in gold in advance . "
"he says if you could stand on the moon and watch the total lunar eclipse ,  the view would be even more dramatic . "
"you mean teddy chan  -  yes ,  sir"
am taking steps to prepare for another visitation . 
"the test sample is directly titrated under the mask of hydrolizable ions ,  such as fe3 +  ,  al3 +  and nd3 +  ,  with 8 %  potassium oxalate . "
the difference in stomata characters between tissue  -  cultured jujube tree andin field is reported in this paper . 
"we put together a list of hollywood ' s highest earning young stars ,  which miley tops .  but can you guess the other richest celebs in town ? "
this is basically a giant list of things you can ' t do . 
the child ' s death left a painful void in his parents '  lives . 
deeply polarized egypt braced for renewed confrontation on friday after the muslim brotherhood called for a nationwide march of millions to show anger at aferocioussecurity crackdown on islamists in which hundreds were killed . 
"there are few big coastal resorts except in the north  -  west ,  only a handful of marinas and scarcely any “mega -  homes ” with moorings . "
they ' re setting us out on the street ! 
"so that’s conversational time - giving :  “five past” ,  “twenty past” ,  “twenty - five to” . "
"petrobras ,  brazilian mining giant cvrd and mitsui of japan signed a pact in may to carry out logistical studies on the export of ethanol from brazil to japan . "
he is just a man who wishes to be free
"a deed ,  that tells you exactly what you can do with this content . "
"i didn ' t fight with jinhyoung today ,  and i ate dinner ,  too . "
"since the fall of colonel gaddafi ,  libya has demanded visas for the many egyptians looking for work in the country . "
"the other sad thing i hear is ""  bill is my best friend .  we have so much in common .  he ' s always there for me .  we talk for hours .  i completely trust him and we have the exact same sense of humor .  .  .  but .  .  .  i don ' t know .  .  .  the spark isn ' t there .  .  .   "" "
we know we can ' t go back to where we were before the crisis . 
"it ' s an easy way to get attention ,  but it ' s a poor way to keep it ;  and it ' s a poor way to view your life . "
for a month she ' s talked of the pleasure it would give her to come
we shan ' t let our house go for less than 50000 . 
"okay ,  i got a story for you . "
"he said that creating the duty free areas would attract more investors to angola ,  which would create new jobs and ,  thus ,  reduce poverty . "
i ' m going to show you some of the separate bits of our index . 
" "" er  -  but he has such a longhead !  ""  the man faltered . "
"now that you have already been at this level in your research work ,  you should go on with it . "
and so maybe she was in a similar state of suspended animation . 
"though surely superior to any ship engines china could have produced on its own ,  the ukrainian models might still be unreliable by western standards . "
"to solve these problems ,  drop the extraneous index ,  add a new index ,  or periodically clean out the large volume of obsolete data in some tables . "
people who have a good row and then forget it are doing their health more good than those who bottle up their feelings . 
conclusion myofibroblast is the main cause to result in scar contracture of bilioenteric anastomosis . 
in the most joyful sense of what it means to be human  -  - 
"but by no means out of the question ,  and it ' s not survivable . "
first love is like first snow :  the marks are easy to see . 
"and so one of the questions that i asked you is , "
and you ' il never lose sight of what truly matters . 
don ' t bother about it ;  i ' ll worry out the answer . 
"the sun has been shining for four and a half billion years , "
the literature in neo  -  classic economics views the economic development as a process of division evolution . 
are you the photographer that came from taiwan ? 
one substance isolated from the skin secretions of the foothill yellow - legged frog shows promise for killing superbug . 
don ' t let an option pass you by because you don ' t make a timely decision . 
" "" i think ,  if you do your own calculation ,  probably it will be a lowering of production by about 520 , 000 barrels ,  ""  he said .  "" "
"the result reveals metastatic lymph nodes show iso - hypo or iso intensity on t 1wi ,  hyper on t 2wi ,  and inflammatory nodes show iso intensity in t 1wi ,  iso - hyper on t 2wi . "
that ' il teach her to mess with the alpha blonde . 
i could not tear my gaze away from the wheelbarrows and those dozens of pathetic little bodies . 
"after the parties acknowledge that the record is free of error ,  they shall sign or affix their seals to it . "
"so we would have a live website ,  that every single day of the 33 days , "
"perhaps it was no more than  "" teen angst  ""  . "
howard lutnick fought to have the 658 names of his cantor fitzgerald colleagues grouped together .  they will remain together forever . 
"as these trends continue ,  what will happen to the desktop and where will it live ? "
"in this article ,  the author examined the artistic expression and extol of women ' s "" self awareness ""  in the works of some contemporary female writers from the following fields :  ""  defiance against patriarchy ""  ,  "" refusal of marriage ""  and "" challenge against chastity ""  ,  based on the works ,  made an analysis and demonstration of the significance played by the recovery and establishment of self - awareness for women ' s getting rid of patriarchal traditions and sexual repression in order to realize self - liberation . "
"come on ,  you wanna stop now ? "
they took positions above the armory and started shooting at it .  the militia from charles town arrived at the maryland end of the potomac bridge . 
"he went missing during the war ,  right ? "
"some analysts who follow companies have lowered their earnings estimates .  overall ,  company analysts have pruned their 2012 earnings target by 3 . 3 %  since the end of september ,  according to factset .  that ' s the biggest downward adjustment since 2009 ,  when analysts scrambled to downgrade their earnings hopes as the financial crisis deepened . "
he said the terrorists are sustained by a complex set of networks and infrastructure that cannot be defeated by military operations inside afghanistan alone . 
"it ' s unfortunate the word  "" humility ""  and the word  "" architect "" "
it is not easy to make a simile go on all fours . 
"in the past century ,  numerous other former military or intelligence officers have used their experiences to write spy novels :  think of somerset maugham ,  ian fleming ,  john le carre ,  graham greene ,  andy mcnab ,  barry eisler ,  gene coyle ,  duane evans and jason matthews . "
"sri lanka still had the civil war going on ,  so bali it was . "
"so next week , i ' il get my vacation ,  it ' il be freezing . "
be a little risky and realize the full potential of your life . 
he said he had to come into town to get a part for his refrigerator or something . 
"and the second thing that you have is a kind of warning sign , "
"the scientist ,  alexander fleming ,  found that the mold was a member of a common group known as penicillium .  fleming and two other scientists  -  -  ernst boris chain and howard walter florey  -  -  went on to win the nobel prize in nineteen forty - five . "
"depends on his experience and the english proficiency ,  he certainly can find one good work . "
i have the right to feel safe and protected from abuse and violence . 
are they able to talk to the kids ? 
we ' ve got your tape and the cocaine . 
"this system adopted a combination form with string and sting support ,  and absorbed excellences of two types of support forms .  they can debar second interference by using the same balance ,  and improve measuring precision . "
"in the us ,  for instance ,  even small towns with no chinese inhabitants have chinese restaurants . "
"his nomination had been held up by republicans ,  who say he will ration health care . "
"but ,  until now ,  the prevalent wheat seeders equipped with mechanical drills have disadvantages of request rigorous seed ' s demission and too much crash . "
"however ,  inflation ,  rose again in 2007 and showed no sign of falling due to the rise in prices of food ,  particularly driven by a reduced supply of pork . "
"listen ,  why don ' t we just get something .  .  . "
the reaction is the force f '  exerted by the block on the man . 
the other menu item is just as easy to use . 
"ketohexose a ketose sugar with six carbon atoms ,  e .  g .  fructose . "
"because if you ' re not upsetting anyone ,  you ' re not changing the status quo . "
but there are over 48 hours of video uploaded to youtube
suppose you go into the kitchen and see if there ' s a spot of coffee on the stove . 
over 80 percent of the u . s .  ' s most popular shows
"that ' s why i ' m not listening to you anymore ,  captain . "
1 .  it is not too late to change your life . 
"he left paramount pictures ,  the motion -  picture company he had worked with for many years . "
"if pure love exists ,  free from the dross of our other passions ,  it lies hidden in the depths of our hearts unknown even to ourselves . "
"well ,  if it ' s all right with you . "
you mind if i give it a try ? 
we ' re able to more than quadruple the productivity of the surgeon . 
is the defendant a danger to himself or others ? 
"in a given condition of the existing network and of the air company ' s concrete requirements , it is explained that the establishment of a kind of information disclosure model should take the network technology as its back - up force , in a hope to lick the management as a whole into shape . "
i cannot imagine a more beautiful way to go . 
which now is a worldwide movement  -  -  you talk about a meme  -  - 
if i had to choose between a lot of money but living inmediocrityor living with less money but feeling happy and fulfilled — i would choose the latter . 
we ' re advising the northern cypriots on how to reunify their island . 
world markets might have been expected to breathe a sigh of relief after the u . s .  senate approved a bill authorizing the federal government to purchase hundreds of billions of dollars in bad debt from troubled financial institutions .  the measure is seen by many economists as an important step toward ending an international credit crunch that could strangle global economic growth . 
"the thing you get into big money on ,  and this ,  reasonable people can disagree , "
"in a classic study led by leslie baxter at lewis and clark college in portland ,  oregon ,  and william wilmot at the university of montana ,  missoula ,  a team of researchers interviewed 90 undergraduate students about their relationships with people of the opposite sex . "
"you coulda said anybody ,  but you said you and them . "
"whether you are running a city or campaigning ,  you ' ve got to lead people . "
"and ,  at a certain stage ,  head of the european union . "
"and it specifically refers to this guy ,  galvao bueno , "
"jrg rocholl ,  the president of the european school for management and technology ,  says that studies disagree on whether busy board members are better or worse for profits . "
"but what about the innocent kids ?  even 3 - and 4 - year - olds were more likely to say that angry faces were black .  in fact ,  younger children were just as prejudiced as older children and adults . "
"when your solution becomes the problem :  contact lens solutions come in many varieties :  some rinse ,  some clean ,  some disinfect ,  some rewet the eyes or boost tear production ,  and some multipurpose formulas do it all .  each of these types of products contains preservatives that can expire or become irritating to the eyes .  don ' t use the solution if it ' s past its expiration date .  trouble can arise when switching brands or types of solutions .  even if you stick to the same brand ,  the manufacturers may alter the solution ,  so watch for labels that say things like  "" new and improved .  ""  also ,  never transfer solution into a smaller container for travel or to carry in your purse - this can increase the risk for contamination . "
"we lionize jack welch ,  who earned the nickname  "" neutron jack ""  for his ability to get rid of employees while leaving only the corporate offices standing . "
"the first commitment period expires at the end of this year ,  and negotiators will work on an extension at the climate conference in doha . "
the perception of one ' s behaviors will have an influence upon their thoughts or subsequent behaviors . 
"the location of the pipeline ,  along the east timor coast or next to darwin ,  australia has yet to be decided and has led to discussion and contacts with australia and some controversy between the authorities and companies from both countries . "
now i ' il go down to the front desk and .  .  .  thank them for this dreadful error . 
coal of all kinds originated from the decay of plants . 
"in konglish ,   "" skinship ""  means intimate physical contact :  handholding ,  touching ,  caressing . "
i ' m going to lose my temper now . 
"or the generation after ,  to be able to think like this"
and the computer can also explain how it reached that finding . 
quick get something to put him in . 
"lizzie ' s on a roll right now ,  and i don ' t want her to have any distractions . "
my school had a ' no boom  - box '  policy and teachers would take them off you if you did bring one . 
"first thing ,  i need a little bodywork . "
"or more accurately ,  not happening and not happening . "
"what did you want me to do ,  stand there and take the hit ? "
"the role of big institutions is obviously problematic :  they are ,  at one and the same time ,  the house ,  the biggest players at the gambling tables ,  agents for the other players and ,  if all goes wrong ,  beneficiaries of limited liability and implicit and explicit government bail - outs . "
"vow ,  wait a second ,  are you actually trying to repair this wedding cake ? "
with altered genes that would make it live for a lot longer ? 
"this paper discusses the relationship between engineering contracting and project procurement model ,  the characteristics ,  relation and connections of different contracting model ,  such as design / build ,  turnkey ,  epc  ( engineering procurement construction )  ,  and traditional project procurement models ;  puts forward the strategies and suggestions for engineering contracting ,  including the development of engineering consultant industry ,  the building of new contracting contract system and the deepen reform of chinese construction market , etc . "
"anyhow ,  what ' s wrong with being a girl ? "
"thirty  - one residents suffered major health events ,  such as seizure ,  gastrointestinal bleeding ,  heart attack or stroke ,  but only in rare cases did those events lead to death . "
the result of study on cucumbers and cowpeas storage under high voltageelectrostatic field  ( hvef )  shows that hvef can depress the respiration of vegetables andrestrain water loss . 
and they lay wait for their own blood ;  they lurk privily for their own lives . 
" "" team ,  thanks for coming .  we are facing a big challenge here .  parts of it are even new to me .  i admit we are under some time pressure as well as financial pressure .  i need your help because i know i can ' t do this alone .  i want to hear from each of you in the next 48 hours how you think you could help with this ,  what role you would like to play .  i ' ll be speaking to each of you individually to get your ideas and perspectives .  i ' m looking forward to your support and you can count on me to stay connected and support you all the way .  this can be a case study for our success as a team .  "" "
we are hoping against hope for a change in her condition . 
"they said :   ' were it not due to the huge ovarian cyst ,  hisintriguingmedical condition might never have been exposed '  . "
"at the same time ,  russia is offering membership in a kremlin - dominated customs union and deep discounts on gas prices ,  with no lectures on democracy . "
" [ niv ]  all those who were in distress or in debt or discontented gathered around him ,  and he became their leader .  about four hundred men were with him . "
"pistorius is understood to have shot her in the head ,  chest and arm ,  although the circumstances surrounding the incident were unclear . "
"ca :  it ' s a soft crowd ,  julian ,  a soft crowd . "
do i have to think of everything ? 
"wish two is more of the bottom - up ,  ground - up one that i ' m trying to work with . "
"look ,  i feel really bad about what happened . "
"it is technically correct to use a phrase such as our late treasurer to refer to a person who is still alive but who no longer holds the relevant post ,  but the use of former in this context will ensure that no embarrassing misunderstanding is created . "
"there is no time to dilly -  dally in our work .  and so now i made up my mind instantly ,  and with no time lost returned to the shore ,  and jumped on board the jolly - boat . "
several severe federal generals drank the mineral water on the miner ' s funeral . 
result :  the 50 %  lethal does of cumin seed oil is 900 . 1 ul / kg ; 
"turning what really motivates and enthralls you into a career path ,  due in part to your graduate and professional school study and degree ,  will give you a broader and more fulfilling career and life experience . "
there are students at the university from every walk of life . 
"you may have heard him say that ,  but he did not say that . "
"but it is adamant that it would not do the deal if it did not believe that geely would be a  "" responsible future owner ""  . "
take on the work of those people easily in an institutional frame . 
all i can tell you is hang in there . 
"scallop to be baked with shrimp ,  cuttlefish ,  clam ,  mushroom ,  lemon juice ,  and parmesan cheese . "
"the key might not be to try tocontortyourself into a schedule that doesn ' t work for you ,  but to experiment . "
"only when they are in trouble ,  they start thinking of us"
"this would mean preparing for it all over again ,  which mr mugabe unsurprisingly refuses to do . "
"so many asian restaurants have opened up in washington that a writer on a daily paper here jokes that dim sum ,  japanese sushi and vietnamese spring rolls have become as american as apple pie . "
"if you talk to them ,  and you said ,   "" what is your social life like ?  "" "
"to do it ,  sit upright in a comfortable cross -  legged position .  close your eyes and rest the tops of your palms on your knees ,  with your elbows straight . "
then donate a fiver to a charity that provides food for those who do not have the luxury of choice . 
because they are afraid they will be seen as insane or something . 
"clinton has questioned whether obama is ready to serve as president and commander in chief ,  and that line of attack may have helped her win last week ' s primaries in texas and ohio . "
there was a way  -  -  there had to be a way  -  - 
he joined the party and turned out to be a wolf in sheep ' s clothing because he was sent to infiltrate our group for the extreme right wingers . 
who will win :  adele .  continue sweeping the grammys in one of the biggest categories . 
republicans and democrats agree that help is needed for the sagging u . s .  housing market and the ailing american economy in general .  but president bush and a democratic lawmaker have made it clear they differ on what kind of help is needed . 
some to be our eyes and ears . 
"i ' d find a place where this book belonged ,  where it was needed . "
you ' re gonna go for a little unemployment time in two seconds . 
he is completing the course as a pointsman
"once the devaluation had occurred ,  the already heavy foreign indebtedness of these economies became harder to finance . "
"and whatever you do don’t clean you teeth straight after eating ,  he says . "
and they ' re making this argument wherever they ' re permitted to make it . 
"fighting erupted after a 17 - year - oldceasefirebroke down last june ,  sending ethnic kachins fleeing to the border area . "
"i would say to any woman ,  try astro  -  fertility ,  because i believe it works ,  ’ she says"
now you can tell pierce and all your friends they ' re a million miles off base . 
wouldn ' t know the whereabouts of his body . 
"when a tsunami approaches a coastline ,  the water gets shallower .  this causes friction at the front of the wave and slows it down . "
"chemical composition of surface corrosion products ,  microstructure of weld zone ,  characteristics of corrosion crack of the 321 stainless steel welded corrugate pipe were examined and analyzed by means of metallography ,  sem and eds . "
a loud noise will get your fight - or - flight response going . 
"you break your word ,  i ' il kill all of ya . "
"but now we ,  with a bird ' s eye view looking at this network , "
into the distance that medical science also told us would be fatal to humans  -  - 
"start engine ,  apply brakes ,  and place gear select lever in omonitor engine rpm with drb . "
"can you please go over there ,  please ? "
i ' m working at the embassy in washington now . 
"bozo seemed an interesting man ,  and i was anxious to see more of him . "
but i ' m not the only one around here with an opinion . 
"my pop ,  he ' s one of the old souls ,  you know  -  - "
"bae executives deny that happened ,  but the government must have been relieved that the country ' s dominant defence contractor would be run by someone it knew well . "
"i would probably end up with a lot of summaries , "
"natural frequencies and mode shapes of pre - stressed composite space truss are calculated with sub - space iterative method .  all kinds of influencing factors including prestress of cables ,  span - to - height ratio ,  boundary condition ,  decentration of plate and rib ,  added mass and node stiffness are analyzed .  simplified formula of basic period is presented . "
"brazil posted an overall trade surplus of 19 . 64 billion ,  a fall of 36 . 8 percent in the period . "
he was filled with anger at the way he had been treated . 
looking in baby carriages and feeling a little sorry for the tot . 
do remember that you must not do things that will sadden your friends and gladden enemies . 
the waters are all taken in to construct the wetlands for habitat restorations . 
it needs us to advocate and motivate china entrepreneurs to go out of the country and participate the global competition on the stage . 
"or c . d . s ,  or dvds  -  -  and just go down the list"
robert hit a net  -  ball just as tom was winning . 
"but they cycle for work ,  as you can see here . "
"based on the comparative analysis ,  we would not be difficult to see after the appearance of a historical mission across is an end to spurt the code machine ink . "
"the criticism of the police is understandable ,  but is it justified ? "
"for this review ,  i am not mainly referring to siri ,  the voice - controlled feature on the new iphones ,  which can do things like tell you the weather ,  or stock prices .  nor am i discussing the  ' voice actions '  on android ,  which can perform web searches and other tasks .  both can also help with some text dictation .  i concentrated on a much simpler feature of both platforms :  a small microphone key that ' s included right in the phones '  on - screen keyboards . "
"a horse trains in the mud at churchill downs in louisville ,  kentucky . "
it has also depreciated by 8 per cent since october 2008 . 
you need someone to bump you out of your flock and into another flock . 
"according to lu xuebin ,  a career expert from datihu . com ,  the problem of procrastination reflects young people’s failure to change their mindset formed during high school days . "
"with an investment of 118 million yuan ,  the new work is seeking to redefine what it means to put a classic on tv screens . "
it ' ll be difficult to get past the ticket collector without paying . 
"aye thar aung dismissed reports of the recent round of military resignations as meaningless ,  even if they are true . "
he paid his workers a 200 yuan  (  $ 30 )  bonus for a recent national holiday but is letting those who want to leave go . 
"yes .  in 1996 i received my bachelor of science degree from hebei university ,  and in 2001 i received my mba degree from peking university . "
"even on the most charitable analysis ,  it has not been a great success so far . "
do you understand that you are alone ? 
i ' ll manage to reach some sort of arrangement with him . 
we know that she herself made up that title  -  - 
thousands of people have enjoyed the ultimate taxi service which isn ' t available anywhere else in the world . 
this section of the details is not always available . 
the main determinant of economic success is our ability to control inflation . 
would you get off that phone and tell the nanny to give him his damn card ? 
nixon used a slush fund to finance spying on the democrats . 
her heavy industry rests on a broad and firm base . 
"wear it or carry it around with you .  it might be a gift that your loved one gave to you ,  or it may be something that he or she owned and considered dear . create a journal or scrapbook inmemory of the deceased . "
"at the end of 2004 ,  china granted angola loans of a total us $ 2 billion for rebuilding infrastructures ,  in exchange for 10 , 000 barrels of oil per day and a 1 . 5 percent interest rate over 17 years . "
"suddenly ,  the tears were running down his face ,  a spear - point had jammed into his heart . "
we must reach biyi tonight to see general gongshan niu
"now ,  i want to tell you about a place i used to go . "
"one solution he came up with in the late 1940′s is the geodesic dome ,  the invention he is most famous for . "
dropped at the first sign of trouble . 
"i think we could try a few more ,  that ' s all i ' m saying . "
by your dishonesty you ' ve cheapened yourself in everyone ' s opinion . 
"he thought that if these memories could somehow be brought into the conscious mind ,  the patient would again feel the pain . "
the optically  -  clear film and adhesive simplify quality checks with perfect visibility . 
a college prep course ;  did extensive prep work for the interview . 
"after reflow ,  carefully remove substrate with components and allow to cool . "
"just days ahead of the fifth anniversary of the u . s .  invasion of iraq ,  senator mccain is in baghdad to meet with iraqi leaders and senior u . s .  military officials .  he has stressed that he is on a fact - finding mission for the senate armed services committee ,  and says he is not there for a photo opportunity for his campaign . "
coconut palms and breadfruit trees grew at the doors of their huts . 
"there is no passing or failing cut  -  off score ,  nor will numerical scores be assigned . "
"anyway ,  it finishes in half an hour . "
"a geoengineering experiment has come unstuck ,  but there will be more . "
these arguments convinced the house and there was no effective challenge . 
i ' m usually at home in the evenings . 
"we should live in all the ages of the world in an hour ;  ay ,  in all the worlds of the ages . "
"and pick out the ones that came closest to doing what i wanted .  "" "
"there is one database heap per database ,  and the database manager uses it on behalf of all applications connected to the database . "
he began to be known in the neighborhood under the name of the beggar who gives alms . 
"then if we give them a chemical to block this protein , "
that woman trumped up various baseless charges against him . 
"you ' re welcome for that ,  by the way . "
4 .  how have you saved your employer time or increased productivity ? 
where we ' re just swapping out numbers and tweaking the context a little bit . 
"white house officials have been warning for days that the july 31 target would most likely not be met ,  although there are reports a deal may be near .  the president said the negotiations will go on . "
every intercept you translate saves hundreds of lives . 
both electric field and magnetic field modulation laser spectroscopic techniqueswere used for the measurement of the spectral band of no2 molecule near 593um . 
sit down with a pen and paper and think about what you spend your time on during a normal week . 
you will be cleared of debts to her and can seize her estate . 
measurement of soluble fas in patients with hematological malignancy
i ' ve had what i think is a beautiful idea . 
"here go the stem cells ,  right into the beating heart of the patient . "
at that fair mozambique had its biggest ever area in events of the kind due to the increasing interest of the mozambican private sector in taking part in the fair . 
"and showing to the rest of the world that that person ,  that regime , "
"the design of the restaurant is neutral ,  so to say “an interior without an interior ” . "
"do something about your english ,  or you ' ll fail the college entrance examination . "
"smith says the soaring price of oil in recent years ,  which helped slow the nation ' s economy overall ,  has so far had a positive effect in houston where many oil and gas companies ,  as well as energy services companies ,  are located . "
the audience is led to make assumptions or elaborations
and ordered coordinated efforts to help them out of trouble and ensure their safety . 
"prayer is an ordinance of great excel­lency ,  of great efficacy ,  but if it is in a dead man ' s mouth ,  if it comes out of the heart of one who is dead in trespasses and sins ,  it loses all its virtue . "
and they just loveeach other all the more . 
the principal roles of the wife are to keep house and raise the children . 
"we americans ,  a proudly patriotic people ,  elected one who spent his boyhood in the far east and whose father was not american . "
"free markets come first and make the right conditions for democracy to emerge ,  he says . "
in response to this response that the law has offered
"fair ,  large conference of safety inspection .  360 degrees ,  can accurately detect detection of target location . "
a student at a state university does not have to pay very much if his parents live in that state . 
"and i have to admit ,  for a little while ,  i sort of joined in as well . "
"you did a wonderful job with her ,  von . "
it ' s a place where people have the longest disability - free
it ' s just a round white pill  -  -  it has some certain measurable effect . 
electric mile at two cents a mile by 2020 . 
"uh ,  what you do is you say -   -  brown . "
i ' m not letting you back in the house . 
"from his perspective as head of the mainspring consultant firm ,  john connolly believes the emergence of electronic business has created enormous and exciting challenges for business managers . "
"the results showed that the life cycle duration of banana moth was 59 . 42 days ,  77 . 28days ,  70 . 82days and 79 . 39days respectively ,  604 . 1 eggs ,  298 . 1 eggs ,  361 . 4 eggs and 171 . 2 eggs were laid by per female adult ,  and the experimental population trend index  ( i )  was 161 . 2 ,  91 . 7 ,  13 . 5 and 9 . 5 respectively . "
"chris ,  could you stand up and let them see you  -  - "
"teldar paper ,  mr cromwell ,  has 33 different vice presidents ,  .  .  .   .  . each earning over  $ 200 , 000 a year . "
because this is the only bacteria that you can see to the naked eye . 
the special corps of the jiangxi military command were the first to reach the site of the breached fuhe river dike on june 21 and began evacuating villagers within three hours of the breach . 
the construction company has been taken to court for giving kickbacks to the local politicians . 
we came up with new products using existing materials .  we redesigned our booth set up . 
and i ' ve got to take a moment right now to publicly thank
what method does chronic irritability rhinitis have to you can be treated ? 
"yes ,  it is .  it ' s our work  -  -  that was a while ago , "
"damask , silk ,  containing 85 %  or more by weight of silk or of silk waste  ( incl .  silk ) "
i found i couldn ' t string along with all their notions . 
and it ' s worked so well that atlassian has taken it to the next level
conclusion it could obviously reduce experimental benefit  -  cost ratio with newly born bovine serum . 
"in a way ,  just like tolstoy ' s statement about every unhappy marriage"
"unlike proper wine glasses or the act of pairing wine with food ,  wine temperature isn ' t something that most wine drinkers think much about . "
"no matter how hard it is ,  just keep going because you only fail when you give up . "
"new ,  hot translation memory maintenance tool for global search ,  replace operation ,  attribute manipulation ,  etc . "
"he wears a suit of quilted flexible blast  -  dampening multi  -  ply padding ,  and a cloak of armor weave . "
"assuming the cube is 26 rooms across , "
"according to the project ,  carvalho highlighted the refurbishment work on the building that houses the area ' s administrative services ,  public bathing and laundry as well as ten homes located in the centre of the city of porto alegre ,  which is some 90 kilometers from the sao tome capital . "
"you need to stay away from this ,  louis . "
but they have to take their gloves off in order to do that . 
"which ,  by the way ,  is the same physical arm , "
"and they would not kowtow to anyone ,  whether rate - checker ,  foreman ,  boss or government . "
"the old cement factory in lobito ,  which has been in existence since colonial times and was recently privatized ,  was re - inaugurated thursday after secil refurbished it and increased its production capacity . "
"beijing wants to press its message that it is not a threat and hopes to serve as a harmless regional adhesive ,  promoting trade and cooperation ,  and xi is sure to hold to that theme . "
"according to the world bank ,  the fund has a maximum value of us $ 9 . 8 billion ,  which had not so far been confirmed by the angolan authorities ,  which said only that us $ 2 . 9 billion had been applied . "
i could actually stay for another minute or two . 
"it is estimated that by 2010 , the total investment will be 9 55 billion yuan , 30 3 %  , 10 8 %  , 10 4 % and 8 8 %  of which dedicate to the above - mentioned four considerations from 1990 to 1998 , 3 095 billon yuan was allocated to the project and in 1999 the investment is at least 800 million yuan more will be required for the project in the new century"
"and you would suffer a lot less trouble from economic sanctions , "
"well ,  i ' m going to be there several weeks .  i ' m going to study stock at our place and get new samples .  i might show you ' round . "
"you can ' t tell me that there aren ' t millions of disabled people , "
"this speech is a token of my deep love and respect .  .  .  for koro apirana ,  my grandfather . "
"aviary tracks how and where elements are used ,  making sure that licenses and credits are preserved . "
"yeah ,  what kind of mental patient kills herself ? "
"and i was really upset about all the books being wrecked , "
"these can mobilise supervisor strength ,  promote honest and clean of government ,  and raise efficiency of administrative supervisor . "
i think that ' s part of what the complexity of architecture is . 
they should be willing to engage in debate with one another about the ethical bases of their conclusions . 
i don ' t mean any disrespect… but this guy has robbed me the next seven years of my life with my family . 
"i ' il hang out here .  .  .  and when you ' re done with your date ,  we ' il get married . "
"to realize its modernization ,  the communist party of china ,  taking the "" three representatives ""  as its guiding ideology ,  must advance theoretical innovations ,  speed up organizational reforms ,  and establish a democratized ,  legalized ,  standardized and highly open party system and operative mechanism . "
the metaphor of overload suggests that the brain is like a kitchen appliance . 
"even more valuably ,  he had shown the world a thoughtful ,  tolerant form of islam . "
"rupert grint came up with a little rap about potter sidekick ron weasley to clinch the part .  in harry potter and the half - blood prince ,  ron gets the girl and the mead . "
"our vision is become world class injection moulder ,  and we will always focus on technology ,  quality ,  time and cost . "
"i was a little nervous performing without animation ,  costume  -  -  really  -  -  and make - up . "
efforts to use the neoclassical theory of the firm in an all - purpose way nevertheless persisted . 
"the t - virus provides a massive jolt ,  both to cellular growth .  .  .  and to those trace electrical impulses . "
"works such as mr hirst’s famous shark  ( ie ,  “the physical impossibility of death in the mind of someone living” from 1991 ,  pictured )  take at least six technicians and a full seven days to install . "
an idea  -  -  a new idea  -  -  is a new network of neurons
this gaiety of countenance often gives them the advantage in the opinion of the hearers . 
"the democratic minority in the senate ,  lacking the votes to block the bill ,  instead fled the state ,  depriving the chamber of a quorum . "
"they also protect secondary occupants ,  who have settled on refugee property ,  from arbitrary eviction and encourage governments to find a remedy to their claims to property as well . "
"in the caribbean itself ,  the term seems to have a variety of different meanings . "
"if there is a format for success for wills and kate ,  it is simply that they look happy . "
"that ' s what the investors think ,  that it ' s just  -  - "
"that makes you feel close to nature  -  -  butterflies , "
3 .  you ' re going to buy a bad bed .  you can ' t help it . 
"he was doubtful about it ,  as could be judged form his eyes . "
"you can ' t have a situation where enemy nationals barge into your country ,  tear up the border fence and try to infiltrate . "
"the southern tip of mumbai ,  the heart of the city ' s tourist district ,  was turned into a battle zone as police tried to capture or kill the last of the terrorists . "
he lives with his head in the sky . 
"you can draw your simple stick figure ,  and then it collaborates"
what the hell are they doing ? 
"that ' s how a group of students and staff end up cleaning barracuda reef off john u .  lloyd state park ,  florida . "
"it is not in critical moment ,  it is not outside control… … he is very conscious of which it happens . "
yet no one bent down to help him up . 
and some observers remain very bullish about the country ' s outlook . 
in nineteen ninety - two about seven percent of russian women smoked . 
"i gotta check with the old ball and chain ,  but i ' m good to go . "
"spur xiangyanghong , obtained by 60 co γ ray 4000r radiation treatment on‘xiangyanghong’green scions , is a dwarfing , high productive apple cultivar .  not only it keeps the advantages of xiangyanghong , such as big fruit volume , splendid dark red colour , fine and crumbly flesh , good taste in acidity and sweetness , and wide adaptiveness etc .  , but some good characteristics , such as high pullulation rate , short internode , compact crown , dwar fing ,  easy initiation of floral bud , early fruiting , and high productiveness , have been shown . "
the bbc rejected an early ted talk on the ground that it was too intellectual . 
the cops can only charge me for ioitering or misdemeanor . 
a colony of bees has turned the engine into a hive and it was totally preserved in beeswax ! 
"due to the lack of support ,  i recommend that you avoid using these base64 routines . "
"so ,  i don ' t know if it was the magic or the lore of the cayman islands , "
"when we ' re talking about most of the climate change impacts will be , "
"the bomb however failed to detonate aboard the flight ,  which was carrying nearly 300 people ,  but caused a brief fire that caused burns to his groin .  he was sentenced to life without parole in february 2012 after he pleaded guilty to all charges . "
"the authorities say 1 , 500 people have been killed in violence following december ' s presidential elections ,  which the opposition charges were rigged . "
" "" i applied for asylum based on the fact i was palestinian with jordanian citizenship ,  ""  she said .   "" there was a human rights watch report saying that there’s been recordings of palestinians going back to jordan being stripped of their citizenship .  "" "
"benjamin crocker ,  a psychologist at the university of southern california ,  reveal that as many as ten million adult americans have already experienced or will experience at least one panic attack in their lifetime . "
but the right - hand part of the molecule is a little bit different in every single species . 
"public schools ,  government offices  , airports and bridges were closed across the bahamas . "
we can getone of the overcoats out of hock ! 
and we explored the surface of the islands as well  -  - 
i ' ve seen my dad do this lots of times . 
"might decide that it ' s lonely and look for skin tone , "
"i used to freeze up in that cave till i got gived this new coat , "
"guys , look at the dirt under his nails . "
"“we have just presented this us $ 80 million projects and another us $ 160 million project to the board of the world bank together with other partners ,  with a view to supplying electricity to rural mozambique ,  ”he said . "
"in animals ,  this consists of 2 principal components  -  thymic and bone marrow system . "
"i understand they were pretty interesting .  i missed them , "
"set in the year 2046 ,  kungfu cyborg tells the story of a police robot who falls in love with a pretty human officer named su mei  ( sun li )  . "
sociology professor chung il - joon of korea university says park ' s victory has significant ramifications for the national political scene . 
and then took those test results and plotted them on a graph . 
"again ,  it ' s the same thing  -  -   "" guts ""  is just the same room ,  reworked . "
"mike :  no ,  i just saw the car drive away .  i didn ' t see larkin .  where ' s he going now ? "
the authorities say people rushed to collect fuel spilling from the tanker but then it exploded burning many to death . 
"in many firms ,  including toyota ,  family ties make challenging the boss all but impossible . "
a more seriously bad book is edward de bono ' s think !  before it ' s too late . 
"but ,  if i drink this ,  then i ' il make milk for the baby . "
"you must join me ,  obi - wan .  .  .  and together we will destroy the sith ! "
how long can you keep this quiet ? 
"they dance to educate their descendants ,  simulate spirits and build new homes . "
"he threw his cigarette out as he got on the front , "
it ' s arguable whether the canary  - based approach or the non -  executable stack based approach is better ;  they both have their strengths . 
"the metal ,  brass ,  has a color similar to that of gold . "
"let me check that for you ,  sir . "
for some reason i wrote about cairns  -  -  stacks of rocks  -  -  that a man was building . 
my tour  -  -  it was kind of a very exciting time . 
objective to evaluate some rapid methods of extracting dna from cryptococcus neoformans . 
and going back and forth between bangladesh and new york . 
"the whole album has a streak of sly humor running through it ,  hinted at by the album cover photograph of cohen in shades posing with a banana peel . "
"in chinese - japanese - korean - english multilingual machine translation system ,  we present a universal english generator which is independent of the source language .  this paper describes the syntactic dependency structure ,  lexical complex feature set and the english generation strategy in the universal english generator . "
an investigation for murder is now underway . 
"investors also have to decide what kinds of investments they think are reasonable .  some are more comfortable investing play money in diversified mutual funds run by active managers rather than picking stocks themselves .  mr .  bogle ,  in an interview ,  called that strategy a  ' mild form of the disease .  ' "
the contest between france and england for north america ended in victory for england . 
officials said that altogether a 250  -  yard portion of the upper roadway was damaged . 
"the manu executive committee will confirm with the applicant in writing the approval ,  or disapproval ,  of his / her membership application in due course . "
"jornal de neg ócios said ,  quoting to the same source ,  that 90 percent of the bank ' s credit is currently granted to companies . "
"my god ,  he was in hock up to his ears already . "
"five of the countries involved in the project are also planning to start prospective studies following 250 , 00people  ( 50 , 00in each country )  to confirm any effects that interphone finds . "
"the english forces were led by king george ii ' s younger son ,  the 25  -  year  -  old duke of cumberland . "
oxytocin might aggravate the neuronal damage via reducing the expression of hsp70 . 
"no ,  but cam is in touch with the hospital . "
"don ' t you get on a carton ,  it ' s gross ! "
" "" smoking has been a part of our culture for so long it isn ' t perceived as beinghazardous ,  causing illness or poisonous ,  ""  said mulyadi . "
fears of a violent confrontation have led to billions of baht being wiped off the stock exchange of thailand in the past month .  the set index has lost more than 13 percent . 
"the new era feminist writing has shown certain identity on self ' s code of behavior ,  logic of emotion ,  predicament of existence ,  the way of gettirfg out of the predicament and so on ,  which has fully verified women ' s revolt against male centered culture ,  their powerlessness and desperation .  and the revelation of women ' s spiritual perplexity and dissension is the way of realizing women ' s self - salvage . "
"we would very much like to place further order with you if you could bring down your price by 15 %  ,  otherwise we can only switch our requirement to other suppliers . "
one of the teachers really has it in for charlie — she shouts at him all the time . 
the scenic town is home to many people who make a living by both farming and working as tour guides . 
"hermione ,  will you please tell me what it is we ' re doing ? "
"despite their strong fundamentals ,  emerging countries still feel vulnerable in the face of the west’s economic weakness ,  policy shortfalls ,  and political paralysis . "
"you and i both know you have never been in a trap ,  nor have you ever been tested . "
lightest breeze uncorrected at that distance is enough to ruin the shot . 
you have to strike a deal with the victim . 
what address are you looking for ? 
"if you ' re going for a picnic this weekend ,  count me in . "
all you ever wanted was to sleep with my sister ! 
"set centrifugal coating ,  the coating fluid ,  spray  -  drying granulation in one multi  -  function devices . "
"“mr .  lopez , ” the vice principal ,  “came out and broke the fight up . ”"
call him up and just be nice to him . 
"some might say piaggi was a precursor to the conspicuously costumed bloggers ,  editors and aspiring glitterati who now populate fashion shows ,  hoping their pictures will end up online . "
"it indicated that the high right atrial and the proximal coronary sinus located on the reentrant loop  ( compared with tcl ,  p > 0 . 05 )  but the distal coronary sinus was out of the reentrant loop  ( compared with tcl ,  p < 0 . 05 )  . "
the north american amphibian monitoring program is the country ' s largest frog  -  counting system . 
"okay ,  no one here was on trial . "
learners could login in the community to experience and share the contents by bbc with their friends . 
"before beginning ,  though ,  you should be aware of some prerequisites . "
belief in a personal god dropped to a shattering seven percent . 
"when he ' s on ,  lamar odom is one of the best players in the nba ,  which he showed in 2007  -  08 by playing some of his best ball of the year in the playoffs . "
maybe we could meet here every week for an hour . 
robots have been the stuff of science fiction for so long that it is surprisingly hard to see them as the stuff of management fact . 
"raw - food advocates are perfectly justified in eating what makes them feel healthy or morally superior ,  but they make a category error when they presume that what nourished australopithecus should be good enough for homo sapiens .  we are ,  of course ,  animals ,  but that doesn ' t mean we have to eat like one .  in taming fire ,  we set off on our own evolutionary path ,  and there is no turning back .  we are the cooking animal . "
who cares who he brings to the bahamas ? 
"so everybody got stuck at that  $ 3 . 50 - an - hour job ,  and it turned out to be a disaster . "
and these are the chocolates you sent . 
the firm ' s top man refined on his management style . 
oh and tell danny i know the perfect guy we can use for the role - play at the expo . 
"but if girls aged six to eight are given the tile - matching puzzle game tetris ,  their brain wiring changes and their spatial ability improves ,  prof rippon said . "
"you can get the truck ,  but they got a crew on the way here . "
"as london has grown in all dimensions ,  authors have chosen to present a segment of it rather than a dickensian sweep . "
"that is 1 long flight  from la to aukland man .  1st time here in a long time though .  it ' s going to be kick ass ,  mark my words .  iiii ]  ;   )  ' "
a gemini man is a skillful and tactful negotiator and would excel in politics and business . 
"“for a day or two i couldn’t help but keep thinking about how i performed in front of the interviewers ,  how well i tackled their questions ,  and whether they would consider giving me a chance in the end , ” he said . "
"but we can ' t turn back time now , can we ? "
i found this during my last trip . 
"it also helps us to cultivate a variety of friends ,  broaden our circle of support and keep our lives full and interesting . "
"in the proceedings of the national academy of science ,  researchers at the university of arizona and the mayo clinic in arizona report a very small study of nine individuals — three of normal weight ,  three who were morbidly obese and three who underwent gastric bypass surgery .  the team found that each group harbored a different intestinal zoo of microbes ,  and that following their surgery ,  the gastric bypass patients '  gut bugs ended up looking much more similar to those of the normal weight patients . "
but the study also revealed the average person has ticked off just eight of the 50 achievements listed  -  and only 23 per cent of those polled believe they are already ' living life to the full '  . 
and you pick someone at random from the population ; 
"it ' s beautiful .  the birds are ,  we sort of understand ,  we think , "
and is probably considered the portuguese main guy in architecture . 
"results the levels of urbp and umalb in chronic cor pulmonale with kidney damage group were much higher than that in the control group  ( p < 0 . 01 )  ,  the levels of urbp and umalb in chronic corpulmonale with kidney damage group were also much higher than in the non - kidney damage group ,  while the levels of urbp and umalb in chronic cot pulmonale with non - kidney damage group were much higher than in the contrasting group ( p < 0 . 01 )  . "
"the contracting fault responsibility theory ' s value lies in confining the freedom of contract principle to the transaction litigant benefit balance , thus expands the contractual obligation suitable scope , and brings the social benefit weight into the legal value judgment . "
"but let it not be a surprise to you , "
he sent the original by ups overnight today . 
"at the same time ,  as i say ,  you open up this joint . "
"in fact ,  the tragedy of the commons is a multiplayer prisoner ' s dilemma . "
you ' d better seek advice from your father before you reinvest your money with the firm . 
"in the meanwhile , we also compute the marginal tax wedge of three financing channels with the method of oecd ( 1991 )  , generally , the distortion effect of tax policy on these three financing channels according to descending order is debit , new share issues and retained earnings . "
and the fame of him went out into every place of the country round about . 
"the idea is that ,  however ,  you are using a word from another language ,  and that this is ,  therefore ,  you ' re not really using a bad word here  -  you ' re saying that it ' s another language ,  french ,  as an excuse . "
because you ' re making a decision for the both of us right now . 
you ' re not safe here  -  i don ' t understand
we ' re just here to check a few things out . 
my studentstaught me how to make them . 
"the aim ,  he said ,  was to adopt reforms which“guarantee better coverage of economic activity and international compatibility of the indicators included in national accounts ,  such as the gross domestic product . ”"
" "" we are also meeting with the leaders of many of the arab nations of the region to encourage them to take genuine steps toward normalization ,  ""  he said . "
the easiest way to sabotage a new habit is by taking the ‘all or nothing '  approach and going from 0 to 100 in the first few days . 
with a proper body position i ' m able to really move forward
"the data confirm this hypothesis .  the negative effect on reported levels of happiness of being paid less than your peers is not visible for people aged under 45 .  in western germany ,  seeing peers '  incomes rising actually makes young people happier  ( even more than a rise in their own incomes ,  remarkably )  .  it is only those people over 45 ,  when careers have  "" reached a stable position ""  ,  whose happiness is harmed by the success of others . "
"trust the plan .   /  -  well ,  that was easy . "
"on wednesday ,  south koreans chose the daughter of south korea ' s cold war strongman park chung - hee as the country ' s next president . "
"the third section expound it from mosque style ,  layout and environment masjid  ( including handle of mihrab )  ,  minaret ,  mosque and sustainable development theory ways . "
"in the developing world ,  the data is much sketchier"
"experts say until authorities find either the black box or crash debris ,  it ' s all speculation . "
this investigation doesn ' t mean the charges will be filed against the opposition leaders but it comes at a sensitive time . 
"and we want growth ,  we want free energy from sunlight"
"the dish ' s popularity overseas has even looped back to influence how vietnamese at home advise visitors .  proud of what mr .  lowerson describes as ""  vietnam ' s most renowned contribution to world cuisine ,   "" most are likely to name pho as the top must - try dish . "
" "" the pendulum is swinging more quickly now between military and civilian rule ,  ""  he said .   "" i think the military has so much at stake that i don ' t think that they can afford these sort of long bouts of being off center stage while the civilian politicians sort of screw everything up and go through their rather inept wrangling with each other .  so i think ,  based on that ,  that the honeymoon ,  such as it was ,  was very limited and is already over .  "" "
"you find this all pretty funny ,  don ' t you ? "
"in less than 200 years ,  you know ,  just in a few generations , "
the homo polymer of acrylic acid and potassium acrylate as well as their copolymer were synthesized . 
boast not thyself of to morrow ;  for thou knowest not what a day may bring forth . 
"even as a little boy ,  he ' d send his imaginary friends home at the end of the day . "
the frank man put the first - rank blank blanket into the tan tank . 
didn ' t you see when i touched hrr ? 
"ding ,  ding ,  the bell will ring golly ,  look at her go"
"the great bohemian embroidery of the 1960s is enjoying a revival this season .  there are many items of clothing that can be embroidered ,  including tops ,  dresses ,  bags and belts .  the colors and textures of embroidered fabrics are much richer than most prints . "
run far away and don ' t ever look back . 
"the dutch minister warned that mozambique was not making enough progress in relation to the millennium development goals set by the united nations in 2000 ,  and that“extraordinary ”efforts needed to be made for those targets to be met by 2015 . "
"if this thing wants to talk ,  let ' s listen . "
"the memorandum of understanding between portugal and mozambique for transferring the dam stipulates that , “a prerequisite of any agreement that the portuguese government will consider satisfactory that the operation will have no negative effect on the national deficit of the portuguese republic” . "
"before we blocked the pig ' s artery to simulate a heart attack ,  that was the signal . "
"if they are under the same light ,  reflecting the same amount of light"
"and this graduate student was madly in love with another graduate student , "
ouch .  child abuse can cause long - lasting changes in the brain . 
it feels like everyone is sleeping very peacefully . 
the remaining 38 kilometres of the city ' s road network will be refurbished or built in stages . 
"but if you ' re a marine biologist ,  maldives is not such a bad place to be . "
your past is not your potential .  in any hour you can choose to liberate the future . 
"happy in life ,  but who are willing to reject ,  who receive waiver ,  in fact ,  the palm happiness ,  as long as gently thrust ,  and this life will be as easily sunshine ! "
and we can pray that she will be merciful . 
nine out of every ten homes contain its products . 
becoming a bank teller is another option if you are bilingual and working in a more diverse location . 
"these were the offerings of the israelite leaders for the dedication of the altar when it was anointed :  twelve silver plates ,  twelve silver sprinkling bowls and twelve gold dishes . "
iike the star theatre of flint .  .  .  funded with gm money to provide entertainment and escape .  .  .  during flint ' s hard times . 
"land for farming had to be cleared and ,  even when the harvests were good ,  prices were modest because little money was available . "
and how perhaps we ' re not as special as we always think we are . 
"repayments would bu made quarterly without bearing any interest ,  and the amount of each repayment shall be adjusted according to the actual situation . "
"however , influenced by traditional teaching concepts , there are many problems in china ' s universities that disagree with the cultivation of study - typed personnel , such as those in study concepts , study types and study evaluation and other aspects , which have become the obstacles to cultivate study - typed personnel in universities . "
"arguing that ukraine ' s transitional government not only needs the support ,  but also can make progress where others have failed . "
"if there is an arts district in your area ,  you can visit lots of artist studios and see them in action . "
"my wife and i both found great new jobs last month ,  so things are looking up . "
bal ói said there were two more banks operating at the end of 2008 as compared to the end of 2007 and added that six credit cooperatives and 85 micro - credit agencies also operated in the mozambican market . 
but at least as an answer for some children in every part of the world . 
"meanwhile ,  purchasing  $ 398 package for the friday ,  11 january or sunday ,  13 january 2008 racemeeting will also be entitled to a  $ 10 meal coupon of the “beer and skittles” carnival . "
"mix diced carrots ,  celery ,  green beans ,  fresh broccoli ,  and cauliflower with your favorite greens and store in an airtight container . "
yao ming is the best basket ball player for me .  he is 2 .  29 meters …
"it is easy to forget you are in a big city as you stroll through the english gardens ,  one of europe ' s largest parks—complete with the chinese tower—and a beer garden of course . "
"it kind of gave us more options to dig his origin out ,  who were all these arch -  criminals that comprised him ,  so we felt that going with 7 just felt a little rounder . "
"i leave it ,  and a red pepper clears up ! "
i never gave a second thought to my ability to speak . 
"with a structure this size ,  it must take days"
i don ' t want you to go to hawaii . 
"by allowing the trade of goods ,  services and ideas"
"inside this mechanism ,  i have actually made a little tiny ,  tiny fan .  .  .  and some disinfectant powder ,  ok ,  it works sort of like a deodorizer .  .  .  so that anything it expunges smells like lysol . "
"npy level at 2 : 00 was significantly increased in non -  dipper groups as compared with dipper group ( p < 0 . 05 )  , but nt was significantly decreased ( p < 0 . 05 )  . "
"the experimental study on frictional sliding characteristics of 13 kinds of gouge in 5 points of haiyuan fault was made by double shear test method .  the experiments show that the existence of haiyuan fault gouge is helpful to remove the stick - slip and to increase the frictional strength .  here are the average of friction coefficient of gouge in 5 points :  jingtai0 . 760 ,  hasishan - 0 . 728 ,  dagoumen - 0 . 669 ciergou - 0 . 644 ,  caixiangbao - 0 . 684 . "
"objectives .  compare and contrast lumbar spinal motion profiles in tdr ,  circumferential fusion ,  and controls . "
"if a guy gives you his phone number instead of taking yours ,  he ' s not interested . "
you have brought peace to the iand . 
rebel leaders say the syrian government has withdrawn ground troops from these towns in order to defend the major cities . 
"i couldn ' t have articulated why at the time ,  but i dropped everything ,  cut my hair  ( woe unto me !  )  ,  and enrolled in bible college ,  an environment that fit me like a glove . "
"mary didn ' t even thank us for helping her ,  so the next time she needs help she can whistle for it . "
this short story was published by two journals of repute . 
"until now executives have largely ignored robots ,  regarding them as an engineering rather than a management problem . "
"what you ' ll see ,  in fact ,  is that it ' s using that half circle leg as a distributed foot . "
don ' t stick your fingers so far inside . 
who knew you were such a babe ? 
"in 2004 ,  it achieved up to rmb 6 . 352 billion added value and rmb 3 . 702 billion financial revenue . "
there ' s not a hotel around for miles that could pass inspection . 
"before he started on his journey ,  he cut out work for his sons during his asbence . "
predictions of nasty weather and impenetrable crowds seem to have dissuaded some would  -  be revelers . 
my army is made up of tribes . 
is true .  is true .  i teach eighth - grade science four days a week . 
or a dead whatever the hell you are ! 
"nowadays ,  she says ,  before getting braces all the kids have it . "
"none of it—the birth in france ,  the childhood in poland interrupted by war ,  the art studies in warsaw ,  the year in berlin—seemed important beside the immensity of the self - imposed task . "
he was running his carts i can ' t believe they didn ' t '  melt .  he was running himself .  .  . 
he was there on the stroke in spite of the rain . 
there was a beaten up black and white television
where all of us can afford orbital space flight is around the corner . 
"it ' s no use trying to run away ,  and now in seoul with tae  -  gon ? "
i changed my mind about this kiss . 
lily wants a beefcake for a boyfriend and not some scrawny shrimp . 
"the minister for transport and communications ,  augusto tom ás said during the inauguration ceremony that negotiations were underway with the japanese authorities for japan to finance the second phase of refurbishment of the port . "
"as a matter of fact ,  she found herself enjoying the physical labor and careful attention to logistics . "
"second ,  cutting deficits at the end of wars is easy ,  while cutting peacetime deficits is hard :  every pound or dollar comes with a lobby group attached . "
"among the brands produced are the thomas the tank engine range ,  matchbox cars ,  cars ,  toy story ,  barbie and fisher price products ,  scrabble and the hot wheels sets . "
i ' il send you the target spec now . 
congress last week agreed to increase the government ' s borrowing limit in return for steps to cut spending and reduce the deficit . 
the attorney signs to the bookkeeper :  “he ’ll kill you if you don’t tell him  ! ”
"i got an lraqi walk - in ,  up near samarra . "
"he had been her husband ' s college friend ;  was now a journalist ,  and in no sense a society man or  "" a man about town ,   "" which were ,  perhaps ,  some of the reasons she had never met him . "
"in retaliation for the gaza arrests ,  fatah forces have rounded up dozens of hamas activists in the west bank .  fatah militants also abducted hamas official mohammed ghazal in the west bank town of nablus . "
which try to explain all those 18 free parameters
i apologize for the farmer from pastor ' s school last time
"refining 1 ton of the waste would produce 130 kg of illegal cooking oil .  with its price being half that of ordinary cooking oil ,  a profit of 1 . 5 to 2 billion yuan is produced in the entire illegal cooking oil business in the country every year ,  he said . "
"non  -  ferrous metals ,  coal ,  petrochemical market ,  such as plate leads . "
it is not as if we cannot see behind the pr mask that obsesses bower . 
"although trust is earned slowly ,  it can be destroyed very quickly .  once broken ,  it ' s difficult to repair .  even super glue doesn ' t seem to work for putting trust back in place . "
objective to evaluate the therapeutic efficacy and security of iron chlorophyllin sodium in iron deficiency anemia . 
but you have got to be present like a normal guy . 
"she ' d come over to me and she ' d say ,   "" bryan ,  do you still feel me hugging you ?  "" "
"sit in bed ,  two in the morning ,  watch tv ; "
"taking criminal tricks as the basis ,  the crimes about infringing national can classify to be for seeking profits ,  possessing as well as the crimes of misconduct in office . "
i will go to see the film if i get the opportunity . 
mass media and research institutes play an important role in safeguarding the rights and interests and promoting the advancement of women . 
china southern airlines company limited dispatched boeing 777  -  200 to accomplish this charter flight . 
so after five days of crossing the drake passage  -  - 
and then someone told me there is a flip side to it . 
bedouins have been navigating this desert for centuries… without a map . 
i don ' t want to break the streak here . 
this paper briefly describes the extension of point - to - point communication link to node - connected communication network and of multiplex to multi - access technologies . 
but china ' s leaders a long tradition of using sports as a spur to national pride . 
"rats and wild dogs are prevalent ,  as is disease . "
"if this book is really about cybernetics ,  why is the word  "" cybernetics ""  so absent from it ? "
"by contrast ,   "" some tech companies that offer the highest - paying internships are going to demand a lot of the interns they bring on board .  it ' s partly a way of screening out anybody who doesn ' t want to work 24  /  7 .  "" "
"chapter from the price ,  channel ,  product ,  marketing analysis of the annunciation marketing strategy bird suit . "
i found skin and bloodon the winch and in the flatbed . 
"to see a world in a grain of sand ,  and a heaven in a wild flower ,  hold infinity in the palm of your hand ,  and eternity in an hour . "
but what she creates is so far from any objective reality .  .  . 
"my heir ,  you believe in your old man ,  right ? "
iraqi workers were the targets of shootings and car bombings from a shiite mosque to a police station . 
and i got really excited about the potential of solar energy
"what they basically show us ,  the average of all macroeconomic models , "
"3 - n decreased  ( p <  . 05 )  with increasing dietary copper in beef cattle fed diets with the same nitrogen to sulfur ratio .  cattle supplemented with npn or s had greater  ( p <  . 05 )  activities of cp or sod ,  plasma copper concentration . "
do you mind if i have a look ? 
"in his new year message ,  ho also said that the integration of these industries , “is the first sign of the conversion of the predominant economic sector contributing to the expansion of the consumer market and the revitalization of some traditional areas of activity and the emergence of new opportunities . ”"
"any of the smaller fishes of the suborder scombroidea ,  such as the spanish mackerel . "
"moving hand over hand ,  josh floats over to the tank containing his alter ego ,  the avatar body . "
the president might have expected a congress led by his own party to support his policies .  but that did not always happen . 
i think i just sat on your adding machine . 
"beijing also has resorted to the blunt tool of freezing prices of electricity and some other basic goods ,  but that is starting to backfire . "
"that means if you accepted too little or didn ' t negotiate early on ,  one bad salary move follows you to each next job . "
"so when he was only 10 and he became the paje , "
"since its initial launching in 1998 , the website has undergone three major renovations . it has now become an authoritative government website on chinese foreign policy , news and information on china ' s diplomacy . "
enterprises and managers do not typically assemble a work group to determine that the organization should adopt program management practices . 
"now ,  if you were to just pop over to the ps3 ,  and set the environment variable display to ,  for instance ,   "" laptop :  0 . 0  ""  ,  and run an xterm ,  you ' d discover a tragic flaw in this scheme :  permission denied . "
"the scientific theme of dynamics of earth ' s interior try to exp lore the transfer of heat and materials to and from earth ' s interior , and to inve stigate deformation of the lithosphere and earthquake processes . "
"look ,  you ' re on a camel in the middle of the desert . "
i ' d like to say how exciting it ' s been having you here . 
"and so ,  arguably ,  the fact that life is precious ,  that it won ' t endure ,  could actually increase its value for us . "
on guard :  mexico city is at a virtual standstill . 
bring that natural process into the design process every day .  that ' s what i do . 
the engineering approach does not intervene in any processes . 
we ' re not talking here about a clash of civilizations . 
luanda ' s empresa de distribui ção de electricidade currently produces 190 mw of power . 
south korean lawmakers from mainly liberal parties say they will block ratification of a major free - trade deal with the united states amid a panic about american beef imports .  the political stalemate ends hopes for a speedy implementation of the pact . 
"the results showed that meteorological factors influenced the et ,  and the role of each factor was not lonely .  there is a significant correlation between et and environmental factor under 70 % ～90 %  of field capacity .  when soil moisture was 30 % ～50 %  of field capacity ,  evapotranspiration was affected by soil moisture . "
there is no essential difference between the two drafts . 
the only blemish on barcelona striker lionel messi ' s record going into the 2009 champions league final was his tendency to disappear during big matches . 
"well ,  if you write these annual reports ,  take a look at your latest . "
"in subjects that have been drinking alcohol ,  for example ,  emissions are deadened .  and different drugs alter the amplitude of oaes ,  as do ear infections or wax build  - up . "
"the psychological health status of 231 inner mongolian elementary school teachers ( 77 male , 154 female ) who have received a training on the new course were assessed with scl - 90 . the results showed that :  their total score and marks on physicalization , compulsion , anxiety , fear , rankiness and lunacy were obviously higher than those of domestic normal ; "
"honors violent is the mowang villages strongholds tradition ,  mowang person hanger - on disciple is famous by the intrepid battle efficiency . "
i need you to look it over and sign it . 
"7 .  mercury city ,  moscow ,  russia architect frank williams claims this is the first environmentally friendly building in moscow .  it is designed to use less water and electricity by collecting melting water and providing 75 percent workspace with daylight .  10 percent of the construction material came from a 300 kilometer radius of the construction site .  the tallest building in europe ,  it features two high - speed elevators travelling at a maximum speed of 7 metres per second . "
"we go that to protect ,  what you belong to .  .  . "
"“according to the new traffic regulations ,  running a yellow light is equal to running a red one , ” said the beijing - based it technician .  “since the new rules came into effect i’m always ready to hit the brakes to avoid a penalty . “"
anything related to romance seems a matter of course in any wedding . 
"on the right ,  those for conservatives ;  in the middle ,  the moderates . "
"overall ,  44 per cent of the 7 , 113 americans aged 20 to 69 who took part in the poll by zogby international and aol personals said they didn ' t needmarriageto validate their relationships . "
"it ' s reported that the american fbi has launched an investigation into the  $ 2bn trading loss suffered last week by america ' s largest bank ,  jpmorgan chase . "
open the hot water faucet to depressurize the water tank . 
"ray stoesser plants rice on more than 1 , 800 hectares of land in the area near his home in dayton ,  texas and he is hoping the recent jump in prices will help him come out ahead . "
"the cab can be left anywhere the guest wishes ,  as long as it is a legally permissible area .  outside weekes '  house is also a possible option ,  where the bathroom would be easily accessible . "
"what happened to your father was unfair and tragic ,  but this is no way to honor his memory . "
a construction foreman in griffith park heard the crash . 
"so ,  it ' s a type of gambling machine  -  a slot machine . "
is this ideal that you see on the slide here  -  - 
she snatched at every chance to improve her marksmanship . 
"more women die from lung cancer than from any other cancer ,  informs acog . "
"if i never see another chocolate bar again ,  it ' il be too soon . "
what you got there in that pack ? 
business and it value chains today have started to merge together in the industry . 
"that i would mention only one thought that comes to me as a listener - in :  the riders in race do not stop short when they reach the goal ,  there is a little finishing canter before coming to a standstill ,  there is time to hear the kind voice of friends ,  and to say to oneself ,  the work is done . "
"he said ,  that he knows the faun . "
prices did fall below our covenant so we had to get clients to top up margins or increase inventories . 
"get a radio car ,  put it on the motorcycles ,  get it there . "
"she ' s wrapped up in oneof my old shirts ,  just as snug as can be . "
"but in crimea ,  a region of southern ukraine ,  many people identify more with russia , "
"and the child i carried was the younger of the two , "
an old man goes to the wizard to ask him if he can remove a curse he has been living with for the last 40 years . 
"so that when you walk in or you come in from home , "
"clad in rolled - up shirtsleeves ,  slacks and sneakers ,  geithner faced some keen competition on the court ,  as seen in the five - minute video clip below ,  via youku http :  /  / v . youku . com / v _ show / id _ xmtc1mzg3nty4 . html . "
"so ,  nobody ever knew about any of this ? "
"but both in stock markets and real estate ,  at least when viewed from a distance ,  the risks seem real . "
it is necessary that the dissertation try to analyse and discover the rules of technical innovation on accelerators as the representation of experimental instruments in high - energy physics in the new view of science  &  technology history research for modern science is making rapid progress . 
"and in the process ,  i became the first person in history"
"he doesn ' t know how to say  "" i ' m sorry .  "" "
a refusal to grant the truth of a statement or allegation ;  a contradiction . 
"it needs to move money out of the door fast ,  get it quickly to where it can do most good and not carry with it a tail of long - term spending commitments . "
how long will it take to cut in ? 
"so ,  if you have any questions ,  i can hang around for a few minutes ,  but thank you for coming .  we ' ll see you monday . "
"the fire suits of old ,  the bulky suits ,  the thick woolen suits , "
two daughters made happy in one day . 
can ' t a guy take a statue break ? 
you can help me out the next time . 
the very best of course come from bury and the very best i have tasted come from the real lancashire black pudding company . 
he was given his usual route to follow and he left the newsagent ' s at 3 : 55 . 
the pair spent five minutes with a researcher discussing differentbiscuits before the scientist made an excuse to leave the room at the university of south brittany . 
"besides ,  there is a lawyer firm which can be invested by individual person .  in our country ,  local law service chamber and deputy of foreign lawyer firm can serve for the customers . "
"at the hardware store ,  the guy who used to cut keys has been replaced by a robot . "
"you ' d see a nose where an eye is supposed to be , "
and it slows the absorption so you don ' t get that rapid rise in blood sugar . 
framework is relevant to the collapse and eventual extinction of the greenland norse . 
it was going to be some time before they would see each other again . 
"zhao cai ,  a 66  - year - old knife sharpener ,  is one of the old  -  timers who can still be found wandering around with a beaten  -  up toolbox that doubles as a bench . "
"to understand anything ,  you just need to understand the little bits ; "
"so ,  i don ' t tell you that to brag ;  i tell you because i ' m proud"
the waiter reappeared at his side with a loaded tray . 
"of the 500 or so ,  businesses expected to attend ,  253 are mozambican ,  40 are from china and 24 are portuguese . "
"if there’s no compelling reason to rupture them  ( labor ' s moving along just fine )  ,  you and your practitioner may decide to hold off and let them rupture naturally . "
and that ' s what we have in our commercials today . 
"if terms are workable ,  we think you will be just the firm we would like to have to represent us . "
"a :  at highway speeds you are best off closing the windows and sunroof ,  because opening them often causes enough drag to offset any savings from turning off the air conditioner . "
there is much to say about the effect meditation has on your body and soul .  sitting quietly and slowly breathing in and out gives you time to focus on your inner self .  taking just a bit of time from your daily schedule to perform mediation will allow you to stop everything at once and focus on yourself with no other distractions .  dedicating even 5 minutes a day to meditate can provide you with quiet relief from all the distractions out there such as your phone and computer . 
"that ' s why my husband had a vasectomy ,  and we use condoms . "
yet for most of the bush years the treasury has been a backwater . 
the visualization evaluation system studied in this paper has reference and application value for the decision - makers in their bridge construction and flood preventing evaluation . 
"jack :  how about we compromise ,  and you make me scrambled eggs ? "
and as totally in tune with the local conditions as this .  ok ? 
don ' t equivocate with me i want a straight answer to a straight question ! 
"kato made the statement after the organization ' s directive committee completed its first review of the mozambican economy under the terms of the so - called policy support instrument–psi ,  approved in june of this year . "
"no ,  no ,  no ,  bridget ,  listen .  .  .  you ' ve got it completely wrong . "
"i can start any number of places ,  because this process is also  -  - "
"the trans - african railway also involves the african union ( au )  and southern african development community ( sadc )  and is valued at us $  1 . 2 billion .  international financial institutions have already pledged funding ,  said zucula . "
"you ' ve only got to say ,  do you remember seeing lots of dragonflies . "
"buttered spuds for lunch ,  with boiled beef ,  apple pie and custard . "
biomimicry as a paradigm for creating molecules with modified or novel functions from biomaterials . 
"mike :  steve you really have a lot to learn about business .  i would be happy to help ,  but i want a percentage of your profits . "
that cliff has been avoided .  but much remains to be done . 
"sticky like the chicken ' s thighs ,  the guts and innards . "
and it ' s so quiet that you could hear a pin drop . 
"they sit back in their misery and blame it on their parents ,  or their childhood ,  their health ,  or their financial problems . "
"she is the  "" sweeping old lady ""  and the first cyber figure to be catapulted to fame on china ' s internet in 2011 . "
" "" you know what ?  you ' re imperfect ,  and you ' re wired for struggle , "
"‘ women ' s aspiration to marry up ,  if they can ,  to a man who is better  -  educated and higher  -  earning persists in most european countries ,  ’ she said . "
" ?  il me l ' a dit ,  l ' a jure  [ pour ]  la vie .   ? "
for your company to apply for the recruitment of sales  -  related functions . 
"i got the long entry there ,  so that ' s good . "
on order for 100 pieces or more we are allow a special discount for 1 . 5 %  . 
"and i went down and chief minister badal said to me , "
then we must make every shot count . 
a bugle blared and a bass voice shouted the command to break ranks . 
he has an annoying trick of saying “you know ? ” after every sentence . 
the consciousness of children lifelong physical education is influence by many harmful factors .  we should dispel those factors and create an active atmosphere to foster the c consciousness of children lifelong physical education . 
"since these cells were already charged ,  the charging went quickly ,  and terminated properly . "
these actors went over very well with the audience . 
"in the world ,  who knows not to swim goes to the bottom . "
"i thought maybe we ' d ask bernard and lautrec ,  only he ' d never leave paris . "
is not going to be sustainable on a planet with nine . 
the slides and the temperature seem to .  .  .  . 
"in this age of information and communication ,  the computer an extremely important role . "
need to learn to climb like those mountaineers . 
"what could be easier ,  more filling or healthier for your family"
"cows ,  like humans ,  produce insulin - like growth factor in response to growth hormones and release it into the blood ,  and the protein makes its way into their milk . "
many will die off with the first frost whilst others hibernate until the following spring . 
"he ' il be there for you ,  no matter what . "
content flows in job of olympic games organization to have the place hold the balance . 
and failure was something i knew too much about . 
you take the patient and show him pictures on the screen
of the mathematical function  -  -  the wealth itself  -  -  but you should
"said his friend stryver ,  ' you take it more easily than i fancied you would ,  and are less mercenary on my behalf than i thought you would be ;  though ,  to be sure ,  you know well enough by this time that your ancient chum is a man of a pretty strong will . "
"consumer prices in november increased 1 . 2 percent compared to the same month last year ,  registering a slight percentage fall over october ' s figure . "
"they ' re moving around in this gravitational potential well of this cluster ,  ok . "
"you talk big ,  but you ' re a fter sheeta too . "
reaily need to ioosen that one up . 
i think in general we both felt lessconstrained than we had during our reunion in 1981 . 
"after vietnam joined the world trade organization last year ,  foreign investment flooded in  -  topping  $ 20 billion last year . "
"when we need supplies ,  we radio the earth child support network . "
"if you see anybody ,  any of the rangers or anything ,  just tell them you didn ' t see me ,  okay ? "
she doesn ' t ask a lot of questions . 
"what a sorry bunch of weak ,  sweaty little dumplings ! "
the ship was standing off ad on while the captain went ashore . 
"an ancient memory of this love haunts all of us alltime ,  and beckons us to return . "
the final one i want to talk about  -  -  and it ' s a great one to end on  -  - 
"so you know ,  my partner and i are here to investigate a murder occurred in downtown . "
my millionaire grandfather left all his money to research into proving that the pyramids in egypt were built by visitors from outer space . 
"followed by c ,  which is a third of a turn ? "
"no ,  i can carry my own bag . "
"using the hmc ,  you can allot cpu ,  memory ,  disk ,  and other hardware resources to individual lpars ,  which serve as virtual aix servers within the host system p hardware . "
a crude or makeshift dwelling or shelter ;  a shack . 
"for hundreds of years ,  girls have played with dolls and dressed them up ,  from paper dolls to barbie . "
"at the edge of the city ,  we found ourselves in front of an automobile scrap yard . "
you both worked way too hard and too long to let an opportunity like this pass you by . 
harimao stake - out at ns hotel a man went in to meet the  ' count '  40 minutes ago . 
"they use the very latest audio and video technology and of course enlist the help of mickey mouse ,  donald duck and all the famous characters children elsewhere in the world know so well . "
just take your goddamn money and walk ! 
"these fibers are molded around the points of heavy load ,  explains materials research engineer karen taminger . "
teach them how to do that kind of stuff and make money . 
"one is the fovea ,  a central area used to see colors and pick out details such as fine print . "
"and george homsey ,  a great guy ,  said ,   "" oh ,  the future is amazing . "
"the analytic frameworks of deforestation in the philippines include :  theory of pressure of population growth ,  the driving theory of timber production and trade ,  theory of encouragement of forestry policies ,  theory of devastating impact of political corruption . "
he stole out of the house without anyone seeing him . 
you kept talking about how the first time never is any good . 
"in august it forced out manny fontenla - novoa ,  its long - standing chief executive . "
frictional heating .  it ' s going 18 thousand miles an hour . 
"the lack of interest in such low - paying ,  physically demanding work partly stems from the second factor - the growing income at home for these farmers . "
"i ' m gonna ridethe horse this year ,  aunt dorrie . "
"rita ,  you should really turn that off . "
a 20  -  year  -  old woman experienced anaphylaxis after application of a chlorhexidine  -  containing disinfectant to a cut on her foot . 
"a smart new road could be just the thing ,  so it continues to mull the offer . "
"and ,  of course ,  we ' re not responsible for the consequences"
remote console or better viewing of the machines to see boot up problems that may arise . 
the study found that the young people with low birth weight often had more problems with motion skills than others . 
rumour has long had it that the way to a man ' s heart is through his stomach . 
"barbara pachter agrees .  a communications consultant who has counseled executives at pfizer  ( pfe )  ,  merck  ( mrk )  ,  microsoft  ( msft )  ,  and other big companies ,  she ' s also the author  ( with denise cowie )  of a new book called the essentials of business etiquette :  how to greet ,  eat ,  and tweet your way to success .   "" you do have to share a little ,  ""  pachter says .   "" being too distant can be just as offputting as sharing too much .  ""  one manager she coached  "" came in on a monday morning with a wedding ring on .  he had never mentioned to anyone that he was getting married ,  ""  pachter recalls .   "" his team was furious .  they froze him out .  "" "
"secondly ,  the government had ignored all available alternatives to war , "
and there was this kind of sense of the nomad in him . 
tmuch later she revealed that she had chatted on the day to half a dozen youngsters who told her of their plans to stand for parliament in the 2013 general election . 
it ' s best not to hide behind email :  be willing to pick up a phone or meet in person so you can build stronger relationships . 
"very gently ,  my finger presses on the trigger . "
under no circumstances shall the seller be held liable for missing or improper documentation the buyer is required to provide . 
wenger believes that his side should be in buoyant mood following their credible mid -  week 1  -  1 draw away to dynamo kiev in the champions league . 
"neither was strong enough to hold up his head for more than a few seconds ,  so the pair looked like fuzz balls with bobble  -  heads attached . "
small italian firms that rely on the home market are hit particularly hard . 
i make up to score with single moms . 
but you forget she ' s still my wife ! 
"didn ' t no one give me this nickname ,  boy . "
there are an estimated 11 - million illegal immigrants in the united states with more still hoping to cross the border . 
"she said she was greatly encouraged to think creatively and take the initiative in work .   "" i was surprised that i was always invited to give my own opinion at formal meetings ,  even as an intern ,  ""  liang remembers .   "" for them ,  a bad idea is better than no idea at all .  "" "
a tiny asterisk conducted me to a footnote at the bottom of the page . 
"dude ,  you ' re watching him take a shower ? "
"if you live up in the mountains ,  understanding the continually shifting landscape can mean survival . "
"if possible ,  ask to sit in on a daily scrum . "
"the kind of waiting ,  of a monolith ,  that wears out time . "
just to be free like other girls
"oh ,  uh ,  i left you the forwarding address for my last check on the calendar there . "
mitt romney said that using any kind of religious test for political candidates is wrong . 
we will no longerbow before anyone as slaves . 
i go online and i read your past columns . 
12 .  billie holiday ' s reputation as a great jazz - blues singer rests on her ability to give emotional depth to her songs . 
" "" the issue was efficient use of water ,  ""  he says ,   "" because land is available .  it’s extensive .  water is limited . ”"
it must be realized that sport in its modern form is almost entirely a british invention . 
"research shows that although we think that we act because of the way we feel ,  in fact ,  we often feel because of the way we act . "
"dili ,  east timor ,  21 oct–china plans to grant east timor 30 million yuan ( us $ 4 . 4 million )  for refurbishment of infrastructures ,  prime minister ,  xanana gusm ão said tuesday in dili . "
"and beck lay there for a day ,  a night"
"given the natural reluctance to confide in government agents ,  the real figure is probably much lower . "
"she also says she is sure this fraud ,  as she calls it ,  will be exposed and that she and the other yushchenko supporters will have their day .  even prime minister viktor yanukovych seems uncertain of his win . "
you and the girl are free to go . 
dash off a letter ; dash down a glass of juice . 
"with no real data on deck out of the us ,  be aware that china will release cpi ,  ppi ,  industrial production ,  new loans and retail sales on saturday . "
"following authorisation granted by the angolan government to kenya ' s flagship airline ,  naikuni said that angola was a key destination for his company and the addition of another important destination was important for the company ' s growing african network . "
there no step that does it .  it ' s a lot of little steps . 
"i have given up my fob in that firm ,  what with one thing or another . "
"just so you know ,  when i get a target in my sights , "
i would like to show you here a picture which is a bit more advanced . 
you must do out your drawer :  it ' s full of waste paper . 
"and that ' s a really ,  like  -  -  it gives them a handle on a world"
and besides .  .  .  all the servants that schindler sends me are scoundrels . 
"it is a routine drill ,  mr .  olmert said at the weekly cabinet meeting ,  adding that israel does not want a war . "
"this roca right here is peligrosa ,  barney . "
i ' m all at sixes and sevens about what to do . 
"is ,  of course ,  the one that we are most interested in . "
you could light up a village with this guy ' s eyes . 
with this shift carries a new paradigm of weather for your planet . 
"i am just going to get up ,  go to work and not think about him all day . "
"this generation in individual… … it is the generation of the vista and the sound… … and for that reason it is to them very difficult… … to seat with a book ,  a tablet and a pencil… … and to try to learn of the form that we have learned . "
"in some counties the work proceeded well ,  but not in other counties ,  even though all the comrades worked diligently there . "
"regular date spots :  tgi friday ' s ,  haidilao hotpot ,  bellagio cafe ,  awfully chocolate . "
to mandate 25 percent reduction of greenhouse gases by 2020 . 
"five out of the 100 billion galaxies ,  with the naked eye , "
collectors of old masters have been the victims of many misattributions . 
"early on ,  he particularly liked the french impressionists and rembrandt ' s use of light . "
"the chinese peacekeepers in haiti do everything as forces from other nations  -  patrolling the streets ,  guarding key spots and checking vehicles .  but there is one thing that seems to be uniquely chinese . "
"i also went to a men ' s group in kansas , "
this would be the opposite of the conventional wisdom and so probably correct . 
watch the red  -  billed tropicbird play hit and miss finding its tiny home along the cliff . 
"divided there is little we can do ,  for we dare not meet a powerful challenge at odds and split us asunder . "
"i tested ancestry .  com ,  its iphone and ipad apps and the family tree maker desktop software on a mac .  i found a computer to be the best tool for inputting family information like names ,  birth dates ,  death dates and locations using ancestry .  com and the family tree maker software .  the ipad app was the most enjoyable way of exploring my family - tree records .  the site ' s pricing can be confusing given the various membership and access levels . "
the new budget also forecasts loan interest rates dropping to 13 percent from 22 percent . 
i asked him to be my best man . 
"in a 90 - minute argument before the constitutional court ,  turkey ' s chief prosecutor abdurrahman yalcinkaya called for the ruling justice and development party ,  known as the ak ,  to be closed down .  yalcinkaya accused the party of seeking to replace turkey ' s secular state with sharia rule . "
designed to be loaded breech .  used of a gun or other firearm . 
the sudden movement of the door made it sway slightly and it gave me the impression that it was about to leap out at me . 
"call it the case of the incredibly shrinking it guy :  in the past ,  cios and their staffs had a reputation for being snarky ,  geeky guys who were always looking for ways to tell employees what they couldn ' t do .  now ,  at the most progressive companies ,  the tech department ' s main job isn ' t to say no .  instead ,  it ' s to find a way to let employees safely run any device or program they like .  the thinking goes like this :  employees are most productive when they ' re allowed to work with the tools that make them happy . "
will you let me make you a nice taste ! 
"get him in a plane ,  he ' s sure of himself . "
i ' ve heard that story a hundred times . 
i ' m in command of the regiment while the colonel ' s on leave . 
the status of external and domestic astro -  geodynamics is described in detail in this paper and in the near future the important work is pointed out . 
guess that ' s why they call it the human race . 
"according to the latest official statistics ,  in 2005 the crime rate in maputo fell by around 1 , 000 incidents as compared with the previous year as well as in most of the country ' s 11 provinces ,  but concerns about crime and personal safety still weighs on mozambique ' s business climate index . "
in east africa to get standards for organic produce .  better prices . 
the loan now granted by the imf increases total funding from the institution to the west african archipelago to us $ 1 . 2 million .  ( macauhub ) 
and in other islands in melanesia and the pacific . 
should a tree write its autobiography it would not be unlike the history of a race . 
"or sometimes you say you ' re leading with your heart , "
run into one of these shelters and be safe
i said to myself that i really needed a way
i don ' t know why the sacrifice didn ' t work . 
"he was not just some amateur ,  sucking on his pencil and letting his fantasies run away with him . "
"real love is blind devotion ,  unquestioning self humiliation ,  utter submission ,  trust and belief against yourself and against the whole world giving up your heart and soul to the smiter .  dickens . "
shoe store employee mustafa shaaban held up a sign calling for more rights . 
"of course ,  you are welcome to stay for a few days if you wish while we gather the amount"
we could change everything in the world that is a problem today . 
can i get you something to drink ? 
i got a plaque right here that says i kicked hun booty
the political community is composed of a number of diverse economic and functional groups . 
"a rise in income will create increase purchasing power ,  thus stimulating demand for goods and service . "
they also found something which the x  -  ray plate did not show :  a small wax figure of the god duamutef . 
"high - waisted shorts were also popular last summer ,  but are much easier to find this summer . "
many people put forward different ideas about how to save the nation from the dangerous situation . 
"did you ever get to the states to , "
"adopt a beluga whale .  factoid :  long ago sailors nicknamed these whales  "" sea canaries ""  for their birdlike songs . "
i don ' t wanna talk about my father either . 
the most beautiful woman in the world . 
"however ,  he would not say if he thought the poisonadded in japan . "
we have machine gun fire in midtown ! 
you mean to tell me you married ? 
"pulling it ,  releasing it from a leaf and pulling it up through the roots . "
"i know i’il like him ,  so he ' il like me ! "
a :  i really want to extend a heartfelt welcome to you . 
and make more money for to run their business . 
"it rained so much on our vacation ,  instead of a sunburn we came back with rust ! "
" "" in the lexicon of the politicalarena ,  this word is supposed to mean obvious or easily understood . "
you might even be able to assemble a design solution by combining certain patterns together into an application sequence . 
"the hurricane could hit the eastern us coast sometime on monday or tuesday .  the us navy has ordered all ships based at the norfolk naval base in virginia to sea ,  to ride out the approaching storm . "
limber spasm was 3 . 2 %  ;  sleep inquietude was 6 . 2 % 。 conclusion prevalence of sleep disturbance in children age 3 - 12 years was high and sleep time was shorter in wuxi than that in other cities . 
i want to focus on just one of them . 
"the director of  "" titanic ,  ""   "" avatar ""  and other films used a specially designed submarine to dive nearly seven miles . "
now here is a different question :  when do you suppose a female voice is most unappealing to a man ? 
some of you may count it as a personal victory that pixar finally had a female lead . 
"it is a high philosophical teaching that is entirely true ,  on the condition that ,  instead of taking it literally ,  one sees in it an allegory . "
"so really ,  it ' s not about the freedom of cartoonists ; "
"calm down ,  george ,  we ' re gonna get you out of there . "
"a spokeswoman for state senate minority leader dennis hollingsworth ,  r - temecula ,  said he had no comment on the proposal .  representatives of chinese - american groups that appeared at the news conference supported the resolution . "
"so ,  the first thing is the immediacy of ideas , "
"if we don ' t get this factory back online ,  we ' re gonna have to dock this showboat . "
"you just count up the votes nationally ,  ignoring the vote totals in the individual states ,  and declare a winner . "
there are traces and replays still running .  are you sure you want to close the application ? 
"of course ,  only engage their services if you find value in them ,  and not just to get air time . "
"you ' d really do that for me ,  man ? "
be able to be this super race of the future ? 
your brain is using about 20 percent of your body ' s energy output
"select the file search in the launch conditions editor ,  and choose delete from the edit menu . "
"in life ,  you ' ll never have exactly what you want ,  but in the end god always gives you exactly what you need . "
it ' s terrible to be seen by other people . 
i counted them by the light through the hatch door and adam´s visits . 
"first ,  when you are looking over a table filled with food ,  choose just what you need to make a balanced meal . "
the police suspected that the bank clerk was in league with the robbers . 
objective to discuss the clinical characteristics and treatment experience of senile severe bilious pancreatitis . 
"i don’t have a time goal — i just want to run a nice ,  relaxed pace ,  finish ,  and have a blast . "
"in a report released monday ,  the bank said burma will benefit from asia’s growing influence as it throws off decades of economic stagnation . "
or they may help out at lunch hour or in an after - school program at a school for autistic children . 
"“eve ' s community is well known for being a dark and cutthroat place but ,  as a whole ,  i believe everyone realizes that real life takes priority over anything in the virtual world , ” heard said .  “it ' s impossible to not relate to this tragedy .  even to those that did not know him personally ,  he was ‘one of us’ . ”"
i ' ve searched the astronomy tower and the owlery . 
the process comprises first oligomerizing isobutylene to diisobutylene using a sulfonic acid type ion exchange resin . 
that you ' re getting a sneak preview  -  -  on friday we ' re going to announce
the goals must be measurable and the benefits must be justifiable . 
"a comment pair can be placed anywhere a tab ,  space ,  or newline is permitted . "
to think about what he has to do to get himself going . 
test preparation classes during the summer vacation before year four will help you to assess where you may need to do more revision .  week - long classes during the national day holiday will help you to consolidate the key knowledge points . 
"this is not as common ,  apparently ,  in japanese advertising ;  it ' s very common in american advertising . "
"that shifts from red ,  when the dissolved oxygen is low , "
i mean .  .  .  rock music ' s got some good qualities . 
"soon ,  they ' il control the energy supply of half the world . "
"if you wanna be free ,  be free"
this is the most impressive architecture i ' ve seen on this trip . 
"if vincent could have someone with him ,  to whom he could pour out his heart . "
"mom ,  i think we have to have a real long talk about something . "
"the scm is used to split the lagrangian velocity into five components :  the gradient current ,  wind current ,  tide - induced residual ,  thermohaline circulation ,  and the coupling current of the zeroth order circulation ,  and to realize a quasi - 2d calculation for the 3 - d problem . "
"“oil and gas companies are increasingly seeking access to larger oil reserves in africa to meet growing global demand .  the number and size of hydrocarbon discoveries continued to decline during 2004 - 2005 and many areas of the world became less accessible due to political constraints ,  ”mobed said . "
"i own my own company ,  so i ' ve never had businessmen telling me what to do or getting worried if something doesn ' t sell . "
"that was the near universal view of google’s announcement this week that it was taking over motorola mobility ,  a maker of handsets and other devices ,  for a colossal  $ 12 . 5 billion . "
"we need to make sure that we ' re a little bit suspicious , "
"now it ' s still in debt ,  but chris has managed ,  through his own sacrifice , "
it can ' t do any harm to try . 
"however ,  if you continue to surround yourself with positive and motivational things ,  those days will be few and far between . "
they have confessed and ceded their lands to your holy office . 
"at first he was most dictatorial and aggressive in what he said ,  but when he realised that he would get nowhere by .  .  . "
"rio de janeiro ,  brazil ,  30 june–chinese group bbca ,  which has headquarters in anhui province ,  is interested in producing sugar cane ethanol in brazil ,  an official told macauhub thursday . "
"fascinating performance as always ,  monsieur english ,  but i ' m afraid we must move on . "
“music to your ears” can also be used to mean that you are giving someone good news or you are hearing good news . 
the modest hand that made it was guided by a joyful heart . 
the pundits disagree on the best way of dealing with the problem . 
"buddy says ,  “is it that bad  ( is it very bad )  ? ”"
huang yuanyuan is working late at her job in a beijing radio newsroom . 
there is no place in heaven for those who kill . 
"yeah ,  stay away from them that kiss . "
mark down your top three priorities for the day . 
"he is not ,   -  and your mother ? "
feiyang sincerely hopes to serve for customers both abroad and domestic . 
"i ' m the landlord ,  and the lease is 20  %  . "
the bull huracán of the spanish conte de la patilla breed was known for his outstanding courage and strong sense of attack . 
"it ' s ,  like ,  a bunch of dogs ,  man . "
"that look worse .  so ,  we go ahead ,  and we start scribbling ,  and  -  - "
"just using this small device that i made ,  around eight years back , "
"while preaching the gospel ,  ricci also taught science and technology promoting east  -  west cultural exchanges . "
"with thunderclouds looming over the trans - atlantic economy ,  it was easy to miss a bright piece of news last weekend from the other crucible of world trade ,  the pacific rim . "
said he knew he was going to hell . 
"and these are our models who are going to help us , "
"there is nothing like having someone on your side when it comes to making your goals a reality .  if you start to slip into procrastination ,  your motivation buddy will get you back in the game . "
"according to an online survey on sina weibo about 84 percent of netizens ,  out of 2 , 824 who replied ,  were in favor of building more public toilets for women ,  while 9 percent were against it . "
"it is written ,  once a woman marries ,  her husband ' s ancestors take over the duty of guardianship . "
"according to local tv reports ,  quoting security officers ,  the bombings have the hallmark of the kurdish separatist group the pkk .  the same source also said security forces had been bracing themselves for a bombing campaign by the separatists .  two years ago a splinter group of the pkk known as the kurdistan freedom falcons or tak was responsible for a series of fatal bombings in istanbul and some of turkey ' s main tourist resorts . "
so i kick over a garbage can and say ' that ' s punk !  ' 
"the port ' s strategic modernization plan is based on a market report carried out by british consulting company ,  ocean shipping consultants . "
i don ' t know what to say to that . 
"with nothing found as of last night ,  rescuers expanded their search area . "
scientists actually know little about how animals perform their navigational feats . 
you made me late for my class . 
an investigation is made on average heat flux in mold of medium thin slab caster . 
for her minerva aided and endowed with courage and discernment . 
"the  "" war committee ""  to the likes of you and me . "
sociologists say that confidence has also coincided with a greater desire to impress in the workplace . 
"to be your husband ,  and a father to jan . "
"this system ,  pettit said ,  had only been installed in an airplane used for similar work in two other kimberlitic deposit rich countries ,  namely canada and brazil ,  and its use in angola would be a“real technological innovation . ”"
the logo is cropping up on key chains and bumper stickers . 
for connection between receiver  & launcher and pipe refer to pigging process flow diagram . 
next we go to the hospital .  the hospital for anorexics . 
"sirs ,  you are hereby called to witness the anointing .  .  .  of your one true lord and future king pascal . "
that are as smart as we are . 
"vale ' s financial director ,  f ábio barbosa ,  said that the company should sell a total of 250 million tons of ore to brazil and overseas ,  an increase of 9 . 2 %  against 2004 .  sales of iron and pellets are expected to total 270 million tons next year . "
results :  each tissue of contracture in gmc exercised a decisive influence on the resistance produced in the movement of greater trochanter . 
"in the ever - popular motion picture ,   "" the wizard of oz ,  ""  the tin man seeks a heart . "
a shaky video of xi ' s visit posted online showed people applauding him as he approached . 
can hormone of hurried sexual gland use chorion to be pregnant a few months ? 
" "" since she hasn ' t invited us this time ,  only you ,  she obviously wants you to have a little fun ,  so don ' t disappoint her .  even if you had business you ought to go .  "" "
" "" well ,  it can ' t be done any other way because that ' s the way it ' s done .  "" "
"if you look at these two ,  eye contact ,  facing each other , "
a radio receiver and directional antenna used as a system to determine the angular direction of incoming radio signals . 
"but this is something that ' s amazing ,  because i can go back to a day  -  - "
"it never fails .  after every recession ,  people  ( especially top performers )  get restless ,  and their employers start fretting about how to keep them from jumping ship .  this recovery ,  although it has come with a feebler job market than most ,  is no exception . "
psychoanalysis has its supporters as well as its critics . 
"and i made a vow to myself ,  then and there , "
"douglas bennett :   "" the most important choice you make in going to college is who you choose to be yourself . "
"you had a very slow middle sector ,  was that just down to traffic ? "
"okay ,  we should be safe in here . "
one of your guys is gonna pop you . 
but it means that you and julie will have to be in charge once i ' m gone . 
"i think we are renowned for being willfully different and difficult .  we tend to knock back on doing tv ,  radio and press things but we ' ll do it for you . "
"and all of a sudden  .  .  .  you may not call that reading and writing , "
"let ' s just play the numbers game here .  imagine you live in a small town of 3000 people and you ' re a woman .  you ' re looking for a man ,  so you ' re down to 1500 to choose from except that 75 %  of them are taken so that leaves you with 375 .  out of those 375 ,  let ' s say 15 %  of them fall within an appropriate age range of you which brings you down to about 57 .  out of those 57 ,  you ' re sure not going to be compatible with all of them ;  there may be a few you ' re compatible with but how are you going to find them ? "
"you just have to keep some basic guidelines in mind ,  beginning with : "
heavy trucks are not allowed access to the downtown area . 
"in the back of the room ,  and i would raise my hand , "
"main supporting male roles :  sun tianlu as erlang shen  [ a legendary deity ]  ,  chen hua as xiao tian quan  [ a deified dog ]  ,  fang bonian as the god of thunder . "
"they all took a bootcamp ,  read the literature ,  and achieved the lifestyle that they wanted . "
that some say was the best idea america ever had . 
then it ' s up to us to go on the pitch and give our best . 
"when something as natural and inevitable as death is banned ,  it does seem a tadillogical . "
"after the morning ceremony at the abbey ,  some 600 guests are invited to a reception at buckingham palace ,  where the food and drinks are sure to be amazing .  hanson advises guests to accept the offerings politely — but don ' t gobble ,  don ' t gulp — and for goodness sakes don ' t get drunk . "
i and luo in the is at the hospital . 
"it has launched seven widely respected electronic journals since its foundation in 2000 .  for reasons lost in history ,  this is known as the gold model .  the nih ' s approach is different . "
you let them die rather than risk letting them escape . 
the old machinery in this factory will be phased out sooner or later . 
"you see wealth ,  adventure ,  achievement ,  pleasure ,  fun ,  be respected , "
max was a bookie till he got into drugs . 
the salesman tried to palm us off with some shop  -  soiled clothes . 
"the whole machine ,  without air supply ,  can work in low temperature environment . "
"methods in this paper , the method of pps was used to test 8 ~ 10 years children in 30 areas of goitre rate , urinary iodine , iodized salt qualified rate in inhabitants , tsh levels in neonates and healthy education survey of students and household women . "
"so ,  i ' m going to have a moment to think , "
"ca , si , b are needed at the early stages of litchi production time , and cu , fe , k at later stages of production and growth . "
let us hope for the last time . 
i couldn’t touch the first question in the biology paper . 
"and you can see ,  he ' s not trying to bite . "
i don ' t care about the truth about yourself . 
the report also shows that farmers in poorer countries will be leading efforts to feed an expected nine billion people by twenty - fifty . 
this fatal mistake of using mapquest at some time ? 
the book has been hugely popular and has reignited feminist debate . 
"besides ,  lnevergo out with guys like that ,  even ifl were going out ,  which i ' m not ,  so -  - "
"don ' t find fault with her ,  she is still just an 18 - year - old girl .  every coin has two sides . "
"and what you had to do was  -  -  if you wanted to participate in this , "
"are you achieving it ,  do you think ? "
"sometimes ,  talking issues through with a boss or co  - workers can help ,  as can speaking up in meetings . "
are ready to move to ohio and pennsylvania with their families ? 
"mr spitzer ,  by contrast ,  is relishing his role as a crusader against“ special interests” . "
it ' s like you can ' t see to the center of the sun ; 
"my fingers are really sore and stiff ,  and they won’t stop throbbing . "
i think you should support him in that
and the tumescent tweets of congressman anthony weiner have stirred up endless speculation about the health of his own year - old marriage and the forbearance of his newly pregnant wife . 
"that expression is more common ;  it’s not considered uneducated to use that expression ,  but using the word “ain ' t” is probably something you normally want to avoid  -  to not do . "
"since iq testing began a century ago ,  women have been as much as five points behind ,  leading psychologists to suggestembeddedgenetic differences . "
"they ' re heading your way ,  like they know something . "
"the teacher then pretends ,  or acts ,  like she ' s an american ,  and she asks a question :  do you want to go and “have lunch with me ? ”"
"the vault used to be their life ,  and now it ' s mine . "
"agreements will also be signed to double a credit line ,  a protocol of cooperation between the lisbon academy of sciences and its mozambican counterpart ,  as well as a general technical and scientific cooperation protocol . "
from the violent atmospheric entry that we ' re about to experience . 
"fuck ,  nigger ,  what the fuck ' d you just do to his towel ,  man ? "
"tip no .  1 :  be prepared to explain every job transition .  an hr screener will likely want you to step him or her through your résumé .  why did you make this or that choice of career direction ?  why make that lateral move ,  or how did you get that promotion ?  and what about those short job stints or gaps between jobs ?  be sure to have a copy of the same rèsumè you submitted next to you and / or on your screen in front of you before the interview begins . "
"but besides enjoying themselves ,  all travelers should respect local moral standards ,  taking care of the environment and protecting public property . "
it ' s a handy - dandy quote from hippocrates of the hippocratic oath
diplomatic roadblocks are forcing the united states to reassess its approach to syria . 
diseases that are part of the current climate . 
you think of how incredible this is that that was realized
government has become a substantial provider of manufacturing finance . 
the little girl drew a square on the paper . 
but he has all the fervour of a true convert . 
"a new london skyscraper dubbed the  "" walkie - talkie ""  has been blamed for reflecting light which melted parts of a car parked on a nearby street . "
"has lifted 100 million people plus out of poverty around the world , "
"and ,  as every biography of marx makes clear ,  he was an anti - semite . "
will you pick up some beverages on your way home ? 
"from july ,  there will be english translations available inside the purpose built theater . "
the purpose of a commencement speaker is to dispense wisdom . 
"i ' m going home with risa ,  will be fine . "
we ' ve known each other our whole lives . 
"man ,  i wish i had video on this ! "
the date couldn ' t have come at a worse time . 
"the reception range is variable ,  but most people can reach a back yard or a neighboring apartment . "
"when he quieted down ,  i began to tell him the truth . "
"goering was hitler ' s second in command in world war ii , "
as actress jane is not in the same class as susan . 
"a nitpicker ,  obsessing over dimes ,  is too stiff to place orders . "
"all you have to do is sit there and look stupid .  "" "
"even if you  "" fake it til you make it ,  ""  and smile when you don ' t  * really *  feel like it ,  your brain thinks you feel better . "
"in hamilton ,  almost 200 students with different ethnic and professional backgrounds were the first students of the confucius institute at mcmaster university starting june ,  2009 . "
"based on the analysis of circulating power and flowing resistance on single and two phase flow ,  the paper gives out the calculating methods of cycle flow rate and temperature distribution both in the coolant and inner side of hollow conductor . "
and so then they ' re all sold in the store .  this is near the planks . 
"1974 stark expo model scan complete ,  sir . "
but that ' s not the really crazy change that we ' re living in the middle of . 
chanting the alphabet of the ark activates the tuning forks . 
because the only thing that ought to limit the performance
"by default ,  bookmarks are stored globally and are visible in all workspaces . "
they never had a chance to develop their abilities . 
"at the china  ( beijing )  international fair for trade in services in beijing at the end of last month ,  li keqiang ,  china’s premier ,  pointed out that china’s service sector is a weak point in the country’s economy ,  accounting for 44 . 6 percent of china’s gdp in 2012 and 36 percent of jobs . "
"nye also railed against climate - change deniers .   "" conspiracy theories are for lazy people ,  ""  he said .   "" people that don ' t want to get down to the business at hand .  .  .  .  instead of just doing less ,  we have to find ways of doing more with less .  that ' s the key to the future .  ""  also ,  he added ,   "" if you smell fresh paint ,  don ' t walk under the ladder .  "" "
"this bolivian desert is quite different than the other deserts we have been to .  the area is defined by its impressive salt structures ,  active volcanoes and tall cacti islands and geyser flats .  the area is 10 ,  582 square km .  the salted crust serves as a source of salt and is rich in lithium .  50 %  to 70 %  of the world ' s lithium reserves are here . "
it ' s five and a half miles long and two and a half miles wide . 
"good news is ,  this can only happen once in a iifetime . "
as soon as i ' ve won this game . 
we don ' t really know what life there is on earth right now . 
"i specially liked the tenor voices which had more of human flesh and blood in them ,  and seemed less like the disembodied lament of a forlorn spirit . "
law enforcement officials say the suspect in friday ' s mass shooting at a colorado movie theater sent a package to a university psychiatrist containing a notebook describing an attack . 
"with stochastic seismic responses considered as a poisson process ,  the formulas for calculating the longitudinal aseismic reliabilities on the basis of the first passage mechanism are established . "
" "" so the girl crept in through a hole into the house .  "" "
"the ministry of education recently announced that from january 1 ,  young start - ups can get tax rebates of up to 8 , 000 yuan per year in their first three years of operation .  it’s certainly a good time to go into business for yourself . "
ms .  four in the morning  -  -  or one of them anyway  -  -  wislawa szymborska
"and ,  in fact ,  when we did some experiments looking at this , "
"in children 6 years of age ,  a ketamine  -  based anesthesia was used . "
studies have shown taking a five  -  minute nap every day can add 10 years to your life . 
he was lost in the intricacies of a new electric motor . 
you didn ' t go there for a screw . 
and then it changes and you get the northeast monsoon going the other way . 
"the information was given by f átima momade ,  advisor to the ministry for mining resources and energy who said that pan african wanted to mine around 16 , 000 hectares in manica province ,  where it planned to open three gold mines ,  known as“fair bride” , “dot ' s luck ”and“guy fawkes . ”"
"and then ,  i also wasn ' t really shining in a certain area that i wanted to be , "
"however ,  provincial broadcasters have gained facto control of rivals through content production and programming agreements . "
"and i would not be able to strike the drum , "
"over the last 500 million years ,  called the big five . "
chinese law forbids any maltreatment of prisoners by the prison staff and prisoners have the right to file charges according to the law . 
"some of these companies operate on the basis that their fee is only paid when admission is obtained ,  a bit like law firms who only collect their fees if an injury lawsuit wins damages on behalf of their client .  some of them are also in effect  "" sales agents ""  for lower - tier us colleges . "
"it was his mother ,  desperate and at times hysterical with grief ,  who interpreted his state and believed she was acting in his best interests . "
you just said that jackson got you into this . 
"how hard it is to learn to do their job , "
her dad sweetened the pot with two fatted calves and a goat . 
not upstairs ;  they must have returned to the garden
look for ways to broaden your experience .  it you cannot move up in your area then consider moving across into a different area of the business at the same level so that you can learn new skills and make new contacts . 
"the announcement was made friday by the chairman of esp írito santo resources ( the non - financial holding of the esp írito santo group )  ,  manuel esp írito santo ,  who said that investments in portugal and brazil were important for portugal ' s positioning in the world tourism market . "
an anchor coordinates a newscast in which several correspondents give reports . 
"mr martin is one of a vanguard of senior teachers endeavouring - with support from michael gove ,  the education secretary - to put discipline at the heart of teaching . "
"the chinese aren’t really noted for their respect of ,  well ,  anything that doesn ’t make them money ,  so when even the chinese government think linfen is a craphole ,  you know you ’ve got problems . "
"her husband immediately rushed anne to a nearby hospital where her pains were diagnosed as having been caused by panic ,  and not a heart attack . "
the monkeys would rip - off the tokens at every available opportunity  -  - 
"“at present ,  our focus is to improve xight and make it an ideal application for disabled people .  when we achieve this we’ll consider commercializing our innovation , ” said yang ,  who has been busy preparing a thesis and materials for xight’s patent application . "
it was a big adjustment when i first came here to play at a camp . 
brazil had a trading surplus of us $  126 . 7 million in april alone and a total surplus of us $  560 million for the first four months of 2007 . 
and actually got a comment from the actor who played alex . 
there are conflicting views on the likely level of merger activity in 2009 . 
"so i fled ,  right into the kalahari . "
"peek this card by mistake .  feel ,  it ' s just the regular ,  one card . "
and that ' s the reason why he or she can ' t go to school . 
"and we went to this apple orchard ,  and i read him this letter . "
"it was in his pocket .  he wrote :  i always promise i will never do it again ,  but after a few weeks .  .  .  where is my wallet ? "
and i wound up in a hospital . 
" "" thanks for helping to save the universe . "
"but when you actually quantify aspects of every job and compare one to another ,  there ' s a definitemeasureabledifference between jobs that are considered pretty good and those that aren ' t . "
"during the reforms king mongkut and king chulalongkorn ,  the activities of overseas chinese promoted the development of siamese economy ,  increased the income of the government ,  speeded up the turnover of funds ,  stimulated the development of siamese commodity production ,  opened up currency channels ,  and laid a solid foundation for siams transformation into capitalism as well as for its social and political reforms . "
"and pritchard ,  i can only imagine how difficult this is ,  losing a partner . "
or are you going to do something about it ? 
henry ⅷ gave the order to behead anne boleyn . 
for i testify for him that he has a deep concern for you and for those who are in laodicea and hierapolis . 
jack and mary are cut out for each other . 
"you will put this madman where no one can hear his insanity , "
"i think we got a picture of a guy ,  nice ,  hardworking fella . "
" ?  they looking at us funny ,  we can ' t make any money  ? "
"as  "" demon animal world ""  new china area acts as agent square ,  what can expect is netease will use this to plant baronial and open rigorous set ,  in the game that blends in new development . "
and that doesn ' t just work for me in terms of abstract numbers  -  - 
an experiment was conducted number in different kinds of needle leaved wood and broad leaved woodland . 
mama say that happiness is from magic rays of sunshine that come down when you feelin '  blue . 
"he says he saw a terrorist act ,  and saw the police car fly into the air . "
they treat moving masses of humanity as though they were fluids . 
"the behaviors of 11 individuals ( 3♂ and 5♀ of adult and 3♀ of young )  of chinese white - bellied rat ( niviventer confucianus )  were observed in different individual encountering ( under )  experimental condition through infrared detector system and sound digital record , that were captured from the field in the suburb of hangzhou during february to may 2005 . the results showed that there are different behavors in different individual encountering situations . "
11th man :  who am i ?  isn ' t that the biggest question ? 
"in conclusion , cm immediately after ovaziectomy can effectively curtail loss of bone mass , prevent reduction in bone density , increase thickness of diaphyses , and strengthen bone load bearing in ovaxiectomized rats . "
"oh ,  and don ' t forget to look on the ground for an excellent free hiking stick ! "
" "" with my last girlfriend it was love at first sight – then i took a second look !  "" "
thank you for your work at this important forum . 
"regular visits ,  after  -  sales tracking ,  really :  the customer ' s needs ,  that is  -  was the target . "
"after providing a summary of the sao tome oil exploration process ,  which began over a decade again ,  menezes noted there had been several“technical errors ,  ”that had harmed national interests during negotiations with foreign companies due to a lack of qualified staff in the oil industry . "
he and martin knocked their heads in half a year ago . 
please look after my office during my absence at home . 
"f1 : the lake scene on both sides of the bridge are splendid , which lack in our country . "
"your honor ,  may i make a suggestion ? "
i ' d be her shoulder to cry on and her best friend and i ' d spend everyday trying to think of how to make her laugh . 
this article cast back the theorization and systematism course of the science of urban management from viewpoint of academic history ; 
"maputo ,  mozambique ,  16 july–the mozambican minister for energy ,  salvador namburete ,  is taking part thursday and friday in a round table meeting to present regional projects for electricity generation and transmission ,  in livingstone ,  zambia ,  macauhub has learned in maputo . "
"good for good every man can do ,  good for bad only a noble man can do . "
"witnesses told reporters ,  while the attack was going on ,  the streets surround the consular were cordoned off by bearded fighters who looked like jihadists armed with automatic weapons including heavy machine guns and rocket launches . "
"big spending cuts and tax increases ,  relative to gdp ,  are inevitable . "
"and whose pigs do roll in the mud ,  just like i thought . "
"like all of military sealift command ' s ships ,  the usns bridge is an auxiliary ship crewed by civilian mariners but under navy command . "
"don ' t roll your eyes at me ,  adm / ral jackbar . "
"it says the issue could be settled solely by the nationwide referendum ,  approved by the country '  s parliament . "
"it had come  -  appearing suddenly from behind the forehead of the nearest upland ,  and stopping beside the boy with the barrow . "
how can i not have dinner with him ? 
"according to the practice and research of teaching for many years , starting with the construction of the unique teaching staff , the authors dictate the significance of it above , and then put forward the relating countermeasures . "
"tom ,  this is a very important congressman carter .  take mighty good care of him . "
"this paper proposes the structure and functions of 500 kv transformer protection .  to solve problem of the breaker failure of transformer inlet breaker , the modification scheme is introduced into engineering application . "
"on behalf of the ministry of commerce ,  i would like to congratulate on the opening of the fair ,  and extend my warm welcome and sincere thanks to all the friends from home and abroad . "
"now ,  i ' il use the magnet to get the keys back in there . "
dr .  meade :  would you want her to be taunted over rough roads and have the baby ahead of time in a buggy ? 
"the results show the structure and properties of hsn70 - 1ab tubes accord with national standard gb / t8890 - 1998 . thicker non - uniform loosen deposited layer can be found on inside wall of new plated tubes when used after 18 months , and cus and cucl _ 2 with higher content are also found in the deposited layer , which show that sulfur and chlorine elements participate in the corrosion process . "
often the only way to buy exposure is through bonds . 
simmer down ;  i ' m not doing anything wrong here . 
"among some of its efforts include studying the guidelines that the global network initiative ,  a thinktank concerned with government censorship ,  has put forth . "
"one of the deadliest killers of relationships is the competitive urge ,  the attitude that the relationship itself is a kind of game that you ' re tying to win . "
other gulf exporters are also seeing unusually strong us demand . 
"her team ' s studyfollowed the diet and health of nearly 35 , 000 women aged 49 to 83 over a decade . "
"oh ,  i remembered i liked it anyway . "
the architecture of the pavilion is this sort of loop
"last month ,  i sold some to paula abdul . "
catholic university provost james brennan says the church has taken major steps to address the scandal . 
there ' s two crazy raccoons that remind me of those criterion brothers . 
she won admiration for her comportment during the trial . 
"to job hunters ,  foreign languages are the stepping stones to success . "
"so ,  the products are coming to those people ,  but they ' re not yet ready to sell them . "
i was watching a news show last week when the anchorman calmly announced that they were about to project a three dimensional hologram of one of their reporters into the newsroom . 
drivers must make a final choice of dry - weather compound ahead of qualifying . 
"while bigger vessels such as research ships or superyachts usually require a trained chef ,  smaller boats tend to take on versatile crew members able to lend a hand on deck as well as in the galley . "
"her powerful legs and smooth base -  line technique represent a very solid platform for hitting her relatively flat ,  low ground strokes . "
"he is extraordinarily naughty ,  but will act like a good boy once his mother appears . "
"can i touch thebrain just once , as a reward ? "
"i mean ,  it wasn ' t supposed to be like this . "
"and ,  in fact ,  ethiopia is the second largest maize producer in africa . "
and i was doing some research in the sunday styles section
"you get to try them out ,  play with them ,  evaluate them"
"should the success of a twitter campaign be measured on the basis of re - tweets ,  mentions ,  replies ,  referral traffic ,  or sales leads ? "
it ' s better to want something you don ' t have than have something you don ' t want . 
who can come back and help us see a community grow
"the vacuum surrounding it buzzes with artificial satellites ,  forming a sort of technosphere beyond the atmosphere . "
"all the spies in ml6 taking flight ,  leaving me in the net . "
the trouble with being the prime minister ' s .  .  .  sister is it puts your life into perspective . 
"the rainwater soaks down into the soil .  so ,  it ' s gone . "
"fu yuheng is now working at a beijing - based publishing house as an editor .  as a freshman at beijing university of foreign studies ,  fu wanted to be an interpreter ,  so he joined the translation club .  but he soon found that he was better at editing translated text into an organized format rather than interpreting himself . "
"the five - year expansion plan ,  which would include land reclamation ,  would increase capacity to up to 12 million people . "
one today is worth two tomorrow .  no sooner said than done . 
" "" i was only reading ,  ""  chueh  -  hui replied with a bitter laugh . "
"we just did that for a laugh ,  just to see what happens . "
"finally ,  over  -  specialization in a people ' s daily lives and jobs has meant personal and psychological compartmentalization . "
i can give you a rough estimate of the amount of wood you will need . 
"according to the bedding hi residence ""  bed ""  with the research of ""  beatable brick bed ""  ,  we discover that indoor behavior is related with space location and the form of bedding in residence and personal denseness and the openness of space ,  the discrepancy on bed and the property of beatable brick bed is caused in residence ,  space general layout is different from behavior way . "
"and then another generation ,  the age when your children have children . "
"wave upon wave of chinese visitors ,  in small groups and coach parties ,  alone and in pairs ,  pack the pavements and malls . "
we can work within the rules ;  we can ' t break the rules ; 
rural residents of all smoking categories experienced lower death rates than smoking counterparts in urban areas . 
the basic value of the social work is specially instructive to the creative national affairs management . 
"and lakes with fish have more mosquitoes ,  even though they eat them . "
"britain ' s amy williams ,  an olympic gold medalist ,  starts her run during the skeleton at the bobsleigh and skeleton world cup in winterberg ,  germany january 22 ,  2011 . "
" "" gee ,  that can work for fedex out there in the united states , "
employees often sense that management is looking for a particular type for a specific post .  this assumption may lead to test - takers cheating on the test . 
"for example ,  a newspaper says the police are searching for a cold - blooded killer . "
"after receiving new evidence in recent days ,  the u . s .  military is launching a higher level investigation of its air strike in afghanistan two weeks ago ,  in which dozens of people were killed .  the initial u . s .  investigation said the strike had killed at least 30 militants and between five and seven civilians .  that disputed reports by afghan and u . n .  investigators ,  who said more then 90 civilians had been killed ,  many of them children . "
"in the long run ,  japan is likely to face an uncomfortable choice . "
"if a credit calls for a document issued by a courier or expedited delivery service evidencing receipt of the goods for delivery ,  banks will ,  unless otherwise stipulated in the credit ,  accept a document ,  however named . "
"when someone is a jerk ,  or says somethingnasty ,  or leaves you ,  it is because of something going on inside of them . "
golkar lawmakers spent much of this week interrogating the pair in public hearings . 
"currently ,  the euro  -  american and japanese cartoons have already developed into a rather mature stage . "
a truck came to a stop in front of the hotel . 
"computation of allelic frequencies was done by direct counting from phenotypes :  6  -  pgd  ( f 0 . 840 ,  s 0 . 160 )  ;  gpi  ( f 0 . 140 ,  i 0 . 860 )  . "
she ' s doing an exposé on male dominance in sport . 
"really ,  i just don ' t know what i ' d do without you . "
about 5 . 5 ' s going to japan ;  there ' s almost no communication
"it also could promote both the vegetative growth and reproductive growth obviously and decrease the cumulative amount of nitrate - n in 400 cm soil profile of different vegetable by 22 . 7 kg / hm ~ 2 to 48 kg / hm ~ 2 ,  which was especially remarkable in 80 ~ 220 cm soil profile . "
"the nsa has its own lingo – the documents are riddled with codenames – its own conferences ,  its own awards and recognitions . "
i ' m going to harvard in about three or four  -  - 
what i ' ve been thinking of for 13 years ever since i got to moma . 
my wife tells me you made a move on darien . 
roundtrip economy class air ticket for hong kong and sapporo on nh . 
"this axiomatic method has been the model for many systems of rational thought ,  even outside mathematics ,  for over 2 , 000 years . "
i was some kind of demented killer . 
"not only can the experiment verify the soundness of the hypothesis ,  it can also improve or debunk it . "
"for example ,  a really nice jumper or a nice pair of gloves ;  something that can make the man feel warm . "
"to be bill gates or steve jobs ,  one needs not only to have had years of programming experience ,  but to have had it at a time when there were openings for major advances in the computer field . "
is reviewing the data  -  -  endlessly reviewing the data . 
a numerical model was established for groundwater flow in jiamusi city based on modflow software . 
"we will teach them ,  sherif ali ,  to fight a modern mechanized army . "
these things help to keep me fit as a fiddle . 
hecaptionedthe image :   ' korea ' s plastic surgery mayhem is finally converging on the same face .  ' 
another aspect of this problem is control of asthma among children in these populations . 
the portman ritz - carlton in shanghai has also strengthened security measures and floors hosting the obama team were cordoned off yesterday . 
"derridaderider thinks not :  “too late ,  much too late ;  there ' s no way iran will back off now that it has got so close . "
the new curtain is a perfect match for the carpet . 
remember to visit our website to download the learning guide for this episode . 
"“portugal will ,  during its presidency ,  very probably ,  i would say with an 85 percent probability ,  carry out a summit between the eu and brazil to definitively set up the concept of a strategic partnership ,  ”he said . "
he taught us that the laws of physics were absolute . 
"and look what they did with our beautiful ,  nice , "
i don ' t know which crate you ' re in . 
"if you delete 50 words ,  we can put the whole story on one page . "
"now ,  what you ' re having here is basically a global brain"
compare the project requirements to the hardware you have on hand . 
"unfortunately ,  for most young people ,  it is not pleasant experience on their first day on campus . "
that ' s why u . s .  health officials made pregnant women a priority group for getting the h1n1 vaccine during the pandemic . 
figured we ' d talk to you first . 
"when we ' re together , we ' re good to each other . "
"kindly submit us the product photos ,  together with this requisition form . "
the red is very and ok but varnish a little out . 
"it ' s understandable ,  then ,  that china mobile has recently expressed interest in flexing its substantial muscle in overseas markets .  chairman xi guohua in particular has made no secret of the fact that the state - owned enterprise is ready to explore growth opportunities in north america and europe .  the news comes on the heels of the launch of china ' s first 4g network ,  which china mobile hopes to leverage overseas to build a global footprint and boost profitability . "
"most of all ,  subsidies are unaffordable ,  at least for oil importers . "
"this not only lets you view twitters in different ways , "
i spent a lot of time counting beads and things like that . 
" -  -  i ' ll say a little about ,  you know ,  how the discovery was made , "
life is much more pleasant when you have faith in yourself . 
i was gonna go pick it up at 3 : 00 . 
empowerment is a key element of change acceptance and change management . 
got off to bad relationships .  and we know that the inuit
as bill said :  the force truly was strong with this one . 
results the presence rate of obturator artery in the gracilis was 97 . 37 %  ( 37 / 40 )  .  the obturator artery entered gracilis  ( 2 . 84±8 . 27 )  cm below the origin of the gracilis with an outer diameter of  ( 0 . 62±0 . 45 )  mm .  the presence rate of medial femoral circumflex artery in the gracilis was 95 %  . 
we can force him to promise to stay away from mary and to promise not to bash us up . 
"if you remember ,  i handle them quite well . "
"the comparable figure in 2007 was 79 %  in denmark ,  207 %  in spain and 378 %  in britain . "
"a year after the show was filmed ,  he is a very different young man . "
"the poems had to rhyme ,  be brief and appeal to most people . "
off court he was witty but never smart -  aleck . 
"in america in the early 1990 s ,  69 %  of homeowners voted ,  compared with only 44 %  of renters . "
"i just wanted to give you a heads up of what ' s in this section  -  -  but i must say ,  it ' s pretty impressive ! "
"and tipper and i put 33 solar panels on our house , "
"he was in no sense a political prisoner ,  but a gangster and racketeer who rightly did six years in jail . "
"but it ' s not all bad news ,  as two thirds of women feel more confident in the clothes they have bought if they have had the opinion of their friends while trying them on . "
and it ' s carried in a box with a canvas shroud over it . 
so let the uc take him in . 
the area of physics which deals with speeds comparable to the speed of light is called relativity . 
you can draw on me just as if there were a letter of credit . 
that a 60 - sec film can be as powerful as a haiku
"i know i ' m not supposed to say thls ,  but i really like you . "
"by an animal of a given  -  -  per body mass .  so ,  really incredible forces . "
it looks like somebody ' s coming out of the bank . 
"but i got eight ,  seven ,  six ,  five ,  four ,  three ,  two  -  - "
"jacob ,  you idiot ,  i had it ! "
"i brought you in and gave you this promotion because i saw something in you ,  not just your skill ,  which is considerable . "
"and basically ,  it ' s got my name all over it . "
the analysis suggests happiness isn ' t just linked to higher income ─ it is helping generate it . 
"now a group of 2014 salary guides from robert half shows how much salaries are gaining for employees with skills in the realm of engineering ,  software development and programming .  at a time when robert half projects that salaries will grow ,  on average ,  3 . 7 %  in 2014 ,  jobs like mobile applications developer and software developer will see increases of nearly 8 %  . "
when i speak i have something to say . 
"in a 2008 commencement speech at harvard university ,  rowling discussed how hitting rock bottom forced her to finish the first harry potter book .  she says : "
"s .  resident become a target of such an investigation ,  court approval still will be required .  mr . "
said the ideal encyclopedia should be radical  -  -  it should stop being safe . 
hundreds of people took to the streets to protest against police brutalities . 
i just found enough dope in the car to put these skateboard punks in jail for the next couple of years . 
a girl needs to wear two things to look great  :  confidence and smile  ! 
the foundations were not strong enough to sustain the weight of the house . 
"there could be a little hitler or just a full ,  nasty chewbacca . "
i ' m gonna need to see ld on one of you . 
imagine the pine tree surrounded .  .  .  by hills and rivers and seven cranes already there . 
you want us to just come and get you when she gets here ? 
"kate fox ,  an anthropologist ,  claims that this extends to language :  anyone asking directions to the “bog ” is probably either common as muck or an old etonian ,  she reckons . "
do not come out with whole - wheat ! 
"they made food out of thin air and could live for 300 years .  unfortunately ,  none of these things will happen in the foreseeable future . "
"it was never still for a minute ,  hurrying and laughing and talking to it ' self . "
zion national park is an area of huge rocks that were cut through by a river . 
"even in the middle of a war ,  there was a war with pakistan at one point , "
"though the salad is delightfully easy to make ,  it requires the best ingredients . "
and they said they had a message for me from god . 
would i have seen you in anything ? 
"there are lots of thing that the approach i take can predict , "
"beyoncé ,  say ,  would have practiced hard ,  gotten her skill level up to passable . "
"6 .  at home ,  practise good hand hygiene .  wash your hands after going to the loo and before preparing food .  regularly clean door handles ,  light switches and flushes on loos .  avoid sharing towels .  be vigilant about food hygiene :  e .  coli can colonise meat products ,  such as burgers ,  so make sure you cook them thoroughly and they are not left bloody . "
kiwis are found in new zealand are also often used as the symbol of the country . 
"app designer brian linder says he and his business partner nathan clark launched you rule chores in 2011 because  ' we knew it was always a pain in the butt to get our kids to do work around the house .  '  they wanted to motivate kids without  ' the nagging and the repeating yourself over and over until you sound like an insane person and end up doing the chores yourself ,  '  says mr .  linder ,  of dallas ,  whose own sons are 9 and 12 . "
he ' s 20 to 50 miles up north on route 14 . 
"if they did ,  they would not play politics with the vote to raise the country ' s debt ceiling ;  they would also agree to raise taxes or just repeal the bush  -  era tax cuts . "
"is the man who gives the orders guilty ,  or the one who has to do it ? "
necking and cleavage cracking are discussed in terms of prior concepts . 
"in an interview with portuguese news agency lusa ,  the minister ,  who is in lisbon as part of a delegation accompanying prime minister xanana gusm ão on a visit to portugal ,  said that 10 percent of the fund would be invested in europe and , “perhaps ”in portuguese banks ,  which would manage that part in euros . "
"halftone :  illustration created by dots of varying size ,  resulting in the appearance of continuous tone . "
"and i am using  "" brilliant ""  as a euphemism . "
"you have a pretty good deal ,  don ' t you ? "
and we now know that ' s really not true at all . 
"you open the door for her ,  pick up her bag after she drops it ,  offer her a ride ,  and then say ,   "" by the way ,  i ' m fantastic in bed  ""  .  that ' s public relations . "
perhaps the most unusual of these is the minoan bull fighting . 
i wanted to take him fishing but i was too timid to ask him . 
"i mean ,  it ' s a little bit like wearing stilts on stilts , "
should we go back for the weed ? 
"for the actions of men ,   "" he says ,  ""  proceed from their opinions . "
they don ' t necessarily choose to follow this kind of surgery . 
i see it as another postive step in .  .  . 
i will now teach america how to have a wedding kazakhi - style . 
you broke up with your boyfriend because of me . 
and you get paid back according to how successful your projects are . 
"the state of the world ' s mothers report calls on g8 leaders to make  "" bold commitments ""  at their summit this month to end child malnutrition . "
"deserves a closer look .  math . random (  )  produces a double ,  so the value 26 is converted to a double to perform the multiplication ,  which also produces a double . "
"what the architect can do is send a set of assembly instructions , "
sometimes all a person needs is a hand to hold and a heart to understand . 
"songs from jiangsu ,  emotion from jiangsu ,  people from jiangsu ,  we must sing out the taste of jiangsu . "
some mad scientist is going to jab your arm with a needle
conclusionserum igf 1 and urinary gh levels have important significance in the diagnosis of short statued children . 
"well ,  shall we voice your concerns with maurice directly ? "
"that ' s too big to be planes ,  right ? "
caution  :  -  to prevent electric shock do not immerse in water . 
"you inevitably end up asking old ,  white american men . "
"london - based paul burton is a policy analyst with the senlis council ,  a research organization studying drug and security issues in afghanistan .  he says the loyalty of local tribal leaders to the central government depends in a large part on kabul ' s ability to deliver benefits to them . "
"they ' d been ducking him in the water .  poor fellow ,  he cut a sorry figure . "
a bond of friendship had been forged between them . 
"and i ' m passed overhead ,  hand to hand ,  crowd surfing toward the door .  i ' m floating . "
"now ,  sex and the city ,  that ' s funny . "
"he tried me ,  brought me into the net ,  laid affliction upon my loins ,  made me go through fire and through water . "
it hopes to publish a global foodborne disease burden report and atlas in 2011 – 12 . 
"earlier ,  two more bodies were found .  filippo marini is a spokesman for the italian coast guard . "
"the galaxy s5 is easier to use than the s4 .  samsung is playing down a long list of the dubious and confusing services it touted with the previous model ,  like  ' air gesture '  controls to manipulate the screen without touch .  it also no longer pre - installs some space - hogging apps like the samsung hub for buying music and video . "
"i could hear it ,  but i dared not to move .  i didn ' t move . "
e .  g .   ' has the report been sent yet ?  '   ' not to my knowledge .  ' 
"in spite at all the advertising ,  the new product fell flat . "
"and so i say to all of us here ,  let us resolve to reform our politics ,  so that power and privilege no longer shout down the voice of the people . "
i drank a whole galss of water to take away the foul taste of the medicine . 
"so they believe you should not just wear helmets for biking , "
but there are two key differences between now and then . 
until one night when we beat the living shit out of that twist . 
"to modify the chart you ' ve created ,  click the chart ,  and then click the chart wizard button or use the commands on the chart menu . "
"a high - quality person treats all people with respect ,  no matter the relationship . "
after two years he divorced his wife for desertion . 
"it ' s like the calf merged with the foot ,  cut out the middleman . "
"you can die ,  marius ,  but it goes carry some malefactors with you . "
this is actually the last little image we have of him . 
"judgingfrom the advantages and disadvantages of foreign countries in adopting this means , we can see that abuse of de -  coy investigation tend to infringe the citizens '  right of personality , or that law enforcement officers may join inthe crime relying on his power granted by the state , which affects legal and impartial criminal procedures . "
look at the lion .  look at the giraffe .  look at the monkey . 
we had to work really hard on that one . 
"is that ,  well ,  i think it was summed up best last night at dinner"
silver plating color variation affects not only its outlook but also its electricity conductibility . 
this paper presents the electrocircuit design of a multi path ultrasonic gas flowmeter . 
the web site was started in nineteen ninety - four and has plenty of fans . 
because when we interact we do all of these cues automatically . 
"prof weiss said :   "" after such an experience it is enough to simply imagine a needle at the next vaccination appointment to activate our pain memory . "
recent advances in nacre used as bone implant are reviewed in this paper . 
sound exposure is the combined result of sound pressure level and action time . 
you can ' t stop a man who ' s jumped 36 greyhounds end - to - end . 
now i see my boy .  he sees me too .  woof !  woof !  i tell my boy he must not get lost again . 
"you ' ve had an opportunity to attack me ,  and i think i ' ve given as good as i ' ve taken . "
"we have had a century of very nice ,  smart application developers . "
"a guy sticks his head in the barber shop and asks ,   ' how long before i can get a haircut  ?  ' "
don ' t worry about his obstinate refusal to cooperate ;  he ' ll come to himself before long . 
so sergio  -  -  this receptacle of all of this learning on how to deal with evil
do not wear jeans that are too tight or too baggy . 
"“we agreed on allowing a taliban office in qatar ,  in doha ,  where the taliban will engage in direct talks with the representatives of the afghan high council for peace ,  where we will be seeking the help of relevant regional countries including pakistan . ”"
want to know what they ' re looking at ? 
"this is what makes freelancing an attractive option to pursue ,  and the crucial factor that makes everyone want to fill in  ' freelancer '  as their occupation . "
turn off your plans to do another puzzle . 
"as an alternative ,  zittrain recommends that the operational architecture of personal and business computers be divided into  "" green zones ""  and  "" red zones .  "" "
"i ' m mario ritter .  for english learning activities and interactive features ,  click on the classroom at voa learning english . "
that left things clear for the rise of the mammals . 
another place where it all comes together in the same room : 
"oh ,  victor ,  i never thought i ' d see you again . "
"in beijing ' s zhongshan park one sunday ,  more than 1 , 000 parents swap details on their single ,  grown offspring . "
"conclusion :  mjr could inhibit the proliferation of asmc ,  which possibly is one of the therapeutical mechanism of mjr in treating arteriosclerosis obliterans . "
"the intermediate court functions as the final verdict court ,  which leads to the malady of the function of the highest court to unify the national understanding of law clauses . "
"that ' s why i thought ,  as long as i don ' t blow my eyes out  .  .  . "
"no ,  i ' m just saying that you were the one that wanted to get condoms . "
we have effected shipment under your l / c no .  123 issued by city bank . 
you can ' t imagine what a town this was . 
"tobacco exports grew 155 percent to reach a value of us $  110 million and re - exports of fuels increased 134 percent to us $  32 million ,  primarily due to rising demand in neighboring malawi and zimbabwe . "
"and then something will go wrong and it will break , "
"for thirst ,  constipation and other intestinal yin dry heat or blood stagnation ,  jia you . "
i hate myself for saying those things . 
human visual sense is the main way to get information .  only the lifelike and unartificial virtual vision can make the users immersed in a virtual environment . 
"i let you go once ,  the debt is paid"
"its transition after a month ,  wu shichun of author of cruel dispatch net post . "
"these situations ,  while justified in practice ,  emphasize the need for alternate ,  or additional ,  information constraints for a given use of common information schemas . "
and let them be for lights in the firmament of the heaven to give light upon the earth :  and it was so . 
"in may ,  exports totalled 518 million patacas ,  a year on year drop of 9 . 2 percent and imports totalled 3 . 42 billion patacas ,  or 21 percent more ,  generating a trade deficit of 2 . 91 billion patacas . "
the study confirmed that a link between high quality child care and better test results continued as the children grew older . 
you can see the orange line leaving the desert floor
"recently ,  the global leaders council on reproductive health called on the international community to double funding for family planning to  $ 6 . 7 billion . "
the child finds it hard to discern between blue and green . 
"later that night ,  the couple headed off to bed ,  but found that the door of their bedroom was inexplicably locked from the inside . "
the mayor of new york bill de blasio says an explosion that destroyed two five - storey buildings in the city was caused by a gas leak . 
the yearly campaign to raise funds for the red cross is already under way . 
by strengthening the embankments they secured the village from floods . 
clay soils hold water for longer periods while sandy soils hold less water . 
this paper is special in dynamics performance of reticulate polypropylene fiber concrete . 
"there are treatments for most conditions .  still ,  the w . h . o .  says there are two major barriers . "
i was able to start my engine  -  start the motor . 
we saw the carcass of an abandoned automobile by the roadside . 
"and then you tell him i want it in 100 , 000  $ 100 bills ,  you got that ? "
the belief was that rising incomes would create a middle class that would agitate for personal liberty and political power . 
i ' m here to talk to you about the avenger initiative . 
"the cold water does not matter ,  i kayak all winter in america . "
"macau became a special administrative region of china in 1999 ,  ending its stint as the first and last european colony in china . "
the atlas should help the eradication fight by letting health officials know just where the problem areas are . 
time magazine cites a report from jd power that in 2010 chinese and indian consumers together bought just under 20 million new passenger vehicles .  that’s 70 %  more cars than americans purchased that year . 
you always ask about the white people . 
how could you not tell us this before ? 
you should supply us with advanced techniques and modernized management methods . 
"she also accompanied my saxophone solos from time to time ,  probably not the first time an accompanist was better than the soloist . "
" "" michelle and i ,  we ' ve been in your shoes ,  ""  obama ,  who turns 51 in august ,  told a cheering ,  capacity crowd of 8 , 000 at carmichael arena . "
did not achan the son of zerah commit a trespass in the matter of the devoted thing ? 
it is thought and spirit that raise men above the level of the brutes . 
"by 2008 ,  hearsay says ppg author li liang carries paragraph abscond ,  course of study of network dress straight sell is enveloped it is under curtain of night . "
we waited for weeks for you at  (  ?  ) 
it ' s not the end of the world . 
"and for the community ,  what design and building offers"
"the result that the phonon frequencies of v2hf0 . 5 zr0 . 3nb0 . 2 are harder than that of v2hf0 . 5zr0 . 5 can be considered as the result of hybridization of conduction band ,  which is studied for close - packed compounds by means of lmto  ( linear combination of muffin - tin orbitals )  method [ 9 ]  . "
"just as a train is about to go ,  a young couple rush in"
"we know that according to the united states ,  10 children are in prison at bagram base in afghanistan ,  one of the bases which is known for past cases of torture being used against prisoners there . "
campus life will lose its variety and vigor if marginalized clubs die out . 
"another includes experimental aircraft ,  such as the x - 37 ,  a cut - down ,  unmanned descendant of the space shuttle . "
"how to treat pigment deposit ?  although cannot keep clear of completely ,  can desalt is possible also . "
the human body which god gave us ! 
the last thing i need to do is .  .  . 
he said aung san suu kyi and others pushing for democratic change are burmese patriots who had been working for a better future for the country long before the international spotlight became focused on them . 
development and application of cold rolled steel bar bending technology and calculation to the dependable analysis showed that this kind of material was suitable for both industrial and civilian construction because of saving quantity of steel and reducing cost . 
"i believe you just got rejected ,  sir . "
"i ' m gonna call her and a couple of her little friends over ,  you know what i ' m saying ? "
"some sweet sorrow ,  as shakespeare would say take temporary leave of a lover ? "
i ' dlove to see you eat a brownie . 
that produce systematic reviews of all of the data that has ever been shown . 
"except ,  at the axis ,  there was missing heat .  it was missing heat . "
"while the run - up to polling day has been more peaceful than in previous elections ,  it has been marked by a spate of politically motivated killings and other alleged abuses ,  such as vote - buying and intimidation . "
"ellen degeneres and portia de rossi made  $ 36 million last year ,  between ellen ' s tv show ,  commercials ,  and herstintas a covergirl . "
"as is known to all ,  the organization and management of wages and salaries are very complex . "
"also had looked to a person of extraordinary powers of a friend curtilage ,  it is the double entry of nearly 700 thousand ,  all observes and study so that resemble example house ,  carve of stone carving ,  woodcarving ,  root stands in the corner awe - inspiring all the more ,  smooth study has two ,  he and madam each are hands - off ,  advocate lie big also ,  but that piece of bed ,  he is used in me to listening to cummer people what when gasping in admiration ,  have likewise is complacent tell me ,  just spent 700 ,  it is to be in what price of kan of wholesale city dead interest buys furniture -  -  ,  and his house ,  spent 700 thousand ,  his sofa ,  spent 7000 ,  carve of his a root ,  spent 2000 -  -  ,  his all is shown off ,  include his bed ,  he felt to collect the bed of extremely big petty gain . "
u . s .  secretary of state condoleezza rice says she will push iraq ' s arab neighbors to boost diplomatic relations and other ties with baghdad as a counter - weight to iranian influence .  rice leaves saturday on a mission to the gulf including an iraq neighbors conference in kuwait . 
"i ' m in the middle of a game ,  come on ! "
"draco malfoy :  it ' s ture then ,  what they ' re saying on the train .  harry potter has come to hogwars . "
another limitation of the study was that it was not randomized . 
i have my clients .  i am doing my work like i always did . 
it ' s the only way i can still dream
i ' m sure that shipment will be effected according to the contract stipulation . 
we should remind ourselves and teach our children about the beauty and purity of feelings and expressions of gratitude . 
"this pad comes in black ,  salmon and our z  -  chromium compounds . "
indicate that she could receive tens of thousands of pounds to pay off her student loans in return for information about individuals within plane stupid . 
" "" let ' s stop in and have a rarebit ,  ""  he suggested one midnight . "
"this was what apparently ,  as it turns out ,  was behind all this . "
the grandly attired gyoji is more than a referee ; 
"the exploration of mineral resources in angola put luanda in second place and kinshasa ,  in the democratic republic of congo ,  was placed fifth . "
"it ' s tempting to read multiple books at once ,  but when you focus on finishing one book at a time ,  you ' ll get more out of each book that you read . "
"the selection criteria are based on content ,  topic relevancy ,  educational value ,  accuracy ,  communication skills and creativity . "
you are afraid to repeat past mistakes or let go of past hurts . 
we saw a red car parked on his drive . 
a man tried tosmugglehis pet turtle through security in guangzhou baiyun international airport by hiding it in a kfc hamburger . 
"make a conscious decision to see the positive ,  to be kind to others ,  to be grateful ,  and to be nice to yourself . "
i ' m trying to earn money for college . 
"straight glossy hair is an undoubted sign of woman ' s health ,  that ' s why men instinctively prefer women with smooth straight hair . "
"in this paper ,  we report the effect of the temperature of introducing secondary nitrogen source on the different phases and their contents of bn samples . "
ours is the only light in a dark world . 
vulcans are well known as the intellectual puppets of this federation . 
"they want to make the new tv series as beautiful as possible ,  hence all the attention to costumes andscenery . "
"they seem to go in a more humble growth way ,  you know . "
"or you need a highway ,  or you need telephone lines . "
patrice and patee have been out for hours but found nothing . 
“its isolation and extreme conditions mean that search and rescue capability is extremely limited . 
"behind the investment boom are bank loans that might never be repaid ,  because the projects aren ' t expected to throw off enough revenue . "
"now ,  under rmb pegging exchange rate regime ,  china’s monetary policy not only loses its effectiveness ,  and hinders interest rate liberalization ,  but increases pbc’s burden and cost to intervene the foreign exchange market . "
"not only must a defendant have a lawyer ,  the court ruled ,  but that lawyer must provide real assistance ,  or as the courts have put it ,  effective counsel . "
it is a commonplace that the bad news on the world ' s financial system is already reflected in market prices . 
"the naval captain who defeat napoleon in the battle of trafalgar in1805 ,  and so stop him from"
and just there is the delta region that i ' m sure everybody ' s heard of . 
"as the current lingua franca of international business ,  science and technology ,  english has always contained words from other languages ,  including languages such as latin ,  german ,  french ,  italian ,  and chinese . "
"and the next ,  he ' s expecting ,  i don ' t know ,  some sort of .  .  . "
"the unemployment rate is down to 7 . 3 %  amid slow ,  steady job growth . "
let ' s call the press and let the shit hit the fan . 
but be certain you don ' t proceed without proof . 
"what kind of a pandemonium that vessel was ,  i cannot describe ,  but she was commanded by a lunatic ,  and might be called a floating bedlam . "
"and sameas you ,  if you walk in that direct on . "
or are you still after this general ' s head for your mantel ? 
"so ,  that ' s the warehouse settled ,  mr .  sütő . "
and what they see is that they need to
and glucose together so that when you add it to water
the managing director of unicargas also said that he was awaiting improvements to road infrastructures in order to also focus on transporting goods to the interior of angola . 
"from my point of view ,  the role of russia ,  the role of putin ,  will decisive regarding the middle east after the palestinian elections ,  mr .  zapatero said . "
since when you last saw your husband ? 
the shopkeeper gave his store a final checkup before closing for the night . 
"no two persons have the same stock of words ,  and the same word may be  "" popular ""  in one man ' s vocabulary and  "" learned ""  in another ' s . "
"yeah ,  the couple i ' ve been working with . "
"method the clinical data of the patients with lymphatic fistula following renal transplantation were retrospectively analyzed in our department between january 1999 and december 2004 .  results twenty - four patients suffered from post - transplantation lymphatic fistula for over 2 weeks ,  and 5 cases of them exceeded 1 month . "
you and your co - workers are quite unique . 
i have to go to the bathroom . 
"oh ,  that 21st century ' s always busting in . "
 ' these two clinical trials demonstrate that channeling bright light via ear canal into brain ' sphotosensitiveareas effectively prevents and treats seasonal affective disorder .  ' 
"much though he recites the sacred texts ,  but acts not accordingly ,  that heedless man is like a cowherd who only counts the cows of others — he does not partake of the blessings of the holy life . "
these references are entirely superfluous to the sinologist ;  they are inserted to help readers who are not sinologists to recognize the sources of some of fei ' s allusions . 
something that might be normal in an adult might look abnormal in a child . 
"in their defence ,  this week’s disturbances were of a new ,  if not wholly unexpected ,  kind . "
"campbell ' s made prego ,  and prego ,  in the early  ' 80s ,  was struggling next to ragu , "
please exit the hospital inan orderly fashion . 
the grace of a ballerina and the grit of a boxer hammer home the message :  the future belongs to those who prepare . 
"onthis day all the members of a chinese family gather around the table for a  "" reunion dinner ,  ""  also known as  "" tuan yuan fan .  "" "
"this is not a dress rehearsal ,  nick . "
" "" i do not believe mrs .  long will do any such thing .  she has two nieces of her own .  she is a selfish ,  hypocritical woman ,  and i have no opinion of her .  "" "
then the peace of mind to go out seconds cheating and non  -  cheating people . 
"there are lions ,  unicorns ,  camels ,  elephants ,  chimeras ,  horses . "
"yet , what we say here will not be long remembered . what we do here can change the world . "
because in most of the life of the brain
excited 2 take the stage at itunesfestival tonight in london !  thank you 2 my amazing fam for coming out tonight ! 
what did i always say about ya ? 
he attended special church services this morning .  .  . 
"so ,  i want to argue today that the fundamental source of africa ' s"
"for a minute or two she stood looking at the house ,  and wondering what to do next ,  when suddenly afootmaninliverycame running out of the wood -  -  ( she considered him to be a footman because he was in livery :  otherwise ,  judging by his face only ,  she would have called him a fish )  -  - and rapped loudly at the door with hisknuckles . "
"i ' il fucking kill you ,  you piece of shit ! "
"woman :  even though they are so young ,  they have done such good work . "
what is so hard about making a cup of black coffee .  .  . 
the city of chicago is not the first to try what some authorities call “managed competition” . 
"at 8 : 30 ,  marines disembarked toward the shores of iwo jima . "
"i don ' t know all their names ,  but i know i ' d like five horses . "
some men are born to be virgins . 
"he thinks that an important part of an internship is asking questions .   "" don ' t be afraid to ask your colleagues questions .  if you don ' t ask ,  you ' re wasting the best opportunity to learn ,  ""  li says . "
which is a game that teaches children how to run a refugee camp . 
but sprain injury related to ligament and strain injury related to muscle . 
"and when we ’re on the basketball court ,  if we get an opportunity to come in for two hours or for an hour or half  - hour ,  we’ve got to get better . "
deputy fred seemed especially busy these days . 
"so ,  for example ,  when there ' s extra nest maintenance work to do , "
it ' s like having a brass band playing all the time . 
"and as the dawn came up and he went to meet his destiny , "
" "" we are not here to talk about change for change ' s sake ,  but because our families and our communities and our country desperately need it ,  ""  he said .   "" we are here because we can ' t afford to keep doing what we have been doing for the last four years .  "" "
"health experts recommend limiting egg yolks ,  as one yolk contains about two - thirds of a healthy adult  \  \  \  ' s suggested allotment of cholesterol . "
"5 .  realize that getting feedback on your work – even critical feedback – is part of the job ;  it ' s not personal .  getting angry or defensive or otherwise taking it personally when your manager gives you feedback can be an easy trap to fall into ,  but it will make you look less professional .  and after all ,  if you care about doing your job well and advancing ,  don ' t you want to know where you need to do better ? "
"an infographic for entrepreneurs  ( or anyone )  looking to hone their negotiating skills .  an american study .  most of them are applied in china ,  but is there something else that we should pay special attention in china ?  http :  /  / t . cn / zj7cw1c"
"the first wish is to use the epilepsy responsive neurostimulator , "
"first ,  there ' s localized numbness ,  then sensitivity to light ,  disorientation ,  paranoia ,  ineffectiveness of sedatives ,  and then hydrophobia . "
"the bible the snake eat the earth ,  does the snake eat the earth answer this question ? "
"it ' il take time ,  but she ' s very lucky . "
"complicating matters is massive storm debris  -  including downed trees and shattered glass from broken windows .  in the barrier island town of galveston ,  homes and businesses were flooded out ,  and when the storm winds receded ,  the local highway was covered with boats and other refuse left behind by the sea . "
i guess we´re gonna have to try and kill ´em . 
and that spider web pattern corresponds to the local coordinates in the sky . 
india ?  how are you going to split your time going forward ? 
i need you to hold the fort for me . 
there ' s an inspector adderly in your office . 
i met him when i was a keno girl at treasure island . 
the japanese zero could virtually sweep the skies of any allied fighters courageous enough to go up against it . 
"difficult to recover the debt a result ,  the huarong asset liaoning sheng gaoyuan the proceedings . "
"at a recent akb48 concert ,  21 - year - old factory worker tomoyuki yamada showed up in a elaborately embroidered black gown bearing tribute to favorite band member tomomi kasai .   ' with akb48 ,  you have each member making her own efforts ,  and as a whole you can see that everyone in the group is trying her best .  that ' s what i like about them ,  '  he says .  mr .  yamada says he bought 210 copies of a recent single -  -  at 1 ,  600 yen apiece ,  that ' s a total of 336 ,  000 yen ,  more than  $ 4 ,  300 -  -  to give 210 votes for ms .  kasai in the most recent election .  she finished 16th . "
"look ,  there will soon xanapetycho ,  so not even need to do subject . "
widespread predictions that facebook shares would soar in value on the first day ' s trading turned out to be wrong . 
"they lend an ear ,  they share a word of praise ,  and they always want to open their hearts to us . "
he is an autocratic loner who is a poor delegator . 
"so a few years ago ,  i set off to do just that . "
the declines in the us and canada are also close to those in the 1930s . 
"unfortunately ,  many people avoid doing pushups since this exercise is a bit harder to perform ,  but it can do wonders for your body .  there are plenty of different pushups that work the different muscles in the shoulders and arms .  try to vary your pushup style to lower your risk of becoming bored with exercise .  not only do pushups work the upper body ,  but also work the core .  do pushups a few days a week to help sculpt the arms and overall transform the body . "
"cooperation between china and portugal in training air - traffic controllers began in 2005 with training sessions given by nav in lisbon to several technicians from macau and the chinese mainland ,  in a program being repeated in 2006 . "
you don ' t always use them for that .  people fish with them . 
"students planning a military career may also receive additional benefits ,  such as financial assistance from local governments . "
we gotta get out of this place . 
we hold on to our breath and bottle up the stress inside . 
we’re here to serve a subpoena on him . 
"to a huge rise in ,  especially in the developing world , "
"they quaffed the liquor in profound silence ,  and then returned to their game . "
in the pavilion visitors will be able to borrow bicycles and cycle throughout just as the danes do in their cities . 
"for the enterprise processing advanced technology which the foreign traders set up ,  after reducing or remitting the corporate income tax expiration according to the regulation of tax law ,  if it is still the enterprise possessing advanced technology ,  it can lengthen years reduced half imposing the corporate income tax . "
noticed some tenderness in the right lower quadrant and called the surgeons . 
"and he pulls out this card and says ,   "" oh look .  look at this . "
"after all ,  the environmental movement needs to be about : "
the private lives of film stars should not be considered as fair game for newspaper reporters . 
belicoff ' s softening political stance and his refusal to cooperate with hardliners upset a lot of people . 
these countries must also improve academic values and requirements and find ways to pay teachers enough to keep them . 
"although the authoritarian state agreed last year to give up its nuclear ambitions ,  washington thinks north korea has a secret uranium enrichment program ,  in addition to its declared plutonium one ,  as well as several nuclear bombs .  neither the uranium program nor the bombs were on pyongyang ' s declaration . "
"the proportion of the gross regional product of the central and western regions to china ' s gdp continued to rise ,  and development in different regions became better balanced .  china ' s total electricity consumption increased by 7 . 5 %  ,  and the volume of freight transport rose by 9 . 9 %  .  main real physical indexes matched economic growth . "
"however ,  one does not always understand every word one reads . "
but we needed to get a database of him doing more than that . 
"go ,  i ' il wait for you at the door . "
"this business is binary ,  either a one or a zero ,  a zero ,  a zero ,  alive or dead ,  alive or dead ,  alive or dead ,  alive ,  dead ,  alive . "
"in a spectacular ' festival of fire '  at the olympic stadium ,  the organizers say the ceremony is an emotional farewell to what has been the most successful contest in the history of the games . "
"language and familiarity with western culture are the obvious reasons why chief executives such as indra nooyi of pepsico inc .  ,  anshu jain of deutsche bank ag and mastercard inc .  ' s ajay banga have succeeded in the west . "
where ' d you take her to clean her up ? 
"and they brought me into a society ,  the sort of underground"
oh just call me and i make your day . 
"i ' m not a doctor ,  so i ' m not going to talk about the various subtests . "
how far i can get from my home in 30 minutes
now i ' ve never heard it that loud  -  -  it ' s actually more dramatic . 
 -  a feng shui master sent men down to the underworld on ghost horses . 
" "" we are obviously concerned by the reports that we ' ve seen .  we have raised this with the israeli government ,  and we are seeking clarification . "
"according to the united nations development program ,  more than 80 , 000 people in angola have been maimed by landmines since the war broke out in 1975 .  and thousands more were killed . "
"i can set some high goals .  god says ,   "" my son ,  you think up the greatest thing you think i could do in your life and i can beat that . "
the passengers will lay over in shanghai for 2 hours before completing the journey to sydney . 
"in 2001 ,  he chaired the working group that prepared for a reorganization of adb operations . "
"the soil and water ,  let himself in the possession of a muddy ,  this has been used to direct the archaeologists eyes staring at his hands . "
"my dad said ,   "" why didn ' t you do that when you were 16 ?  "" "
the closest we ' ve come to the original vampire . 
"the majority of which ,  at least half ,  is going back into the legacy fund . "
"it ' s apparently ,  i don ' t know ,  on the record somewhere . "
there should be a drug list and drug - using records in the first aid kit . 
"hubner told the paper that he had suggested the chinese partner brazilian companies for production of that equipment in brazil and cited the case of weg ,  from the brazilian state of santa catarina ,  as a strong candidate to compete in this segment . "
scuba divers that we worked with on our team . 
"to gauge which jobs are the most stressful ,  careercast considered the 200 professions in its database and focused on 11 different job demands that it deemed likely to provoke stress ,  including travel ,  growth potential ,  competitiveness ,  physical demands ,  hazards ,  environmental conditions and risk to one ' s own life or to others '  . "
he also revealed something which no one else had yet mentioned to koller and which was to lead to a certain denouement during the next few frantic days . 
"i would refer you to the recent comments of our colleague from the uk ,  mr simon foster ,  in that regard . "
"but when climate became ,  politically ,  a hot topic  -  -  if i may make the pun  -  - "
"no ,  actually i moved around quite a bit . "
you can also use newspaper to help dry out wet boots and shoes by crumpling some of it up and stuffing it inside . 
you can’t know this by thinking through the various permutations of smacking pails with your feet . 
"but recharging with a shallow nap offers no such mental boost ,  the research suggests . "
the research also shows that the addition of whole milk to a standard cup of tea completely inhibited its antibacterial activity against anthrax . 
then he jumped again and again and the boat was going fast although line was still racing out and the old man was raising the strain to breaking point and raising it to breaking point again and again . 
"if you are forced to take action ,  do not do anything until you have a perfect plan which will take into account any and everything that can happen . "
"u . s .  officials draw a distinction between the  $ 20 billion imf bailout of south korea and washington ' s more than  $ 250 billion bailout of u . s .  financial institutions .  u . s .  banks and insurers do business all over the world ,  and their problems can rapidly spread to the global entities that are exposed to them .  by contrast ,  the negative influence of south korean bankruptcies was confined mainly to asia . "
"some impostor who wished to come into the town barefoot ,  perhaps ,  and so excite our sympathies ,   ' said miss chant . "
why does the baii always hit my face ? 
"i was an english major in college .  i didn ' t have any use for it , "
" "" the subsequent eviction and 116 - day forced march of thousands of cherokee to oklahoma was badly mismanaged ,  and inadequate food supply ,  frigid weather ,  and the cruelty of escorting troops led to the death of about 4 , 000 cherokee "" "
wherever you feel most comfortable is fine . 
"three boats ,  a yacht and a mercedes will be auctioned in fort lauderdale ,  fla .  ,  on tuesday . "
"in other words ,  nobody believes what he says at all . "
some people were once thought to be full of beans when they discovered new law which was against the theory before them . 
"wang ,  a 39 - year old migrant worker from rural sichuan province ,  doesn ' t know how to use the internet so was unable to book his tickets online . "
"dude ,  you gotta check this out ,  man . "
how do you like it so far ? 
distractions can be a problem in my work . 
our target is a major transaction of microprocessors . 
making use of fluid dynamics as a second force for breaking the snail . 
i am so glad you work here . 
nevertheless the accusations have cast a shadow over kigali ' s reputation . 
the body transmits heat by radiation and receives heat by the same process . 
time  -  honored qianmen dajie is an ancient business street of beijing . 
"the manoeuvre caused the bmw to swerve to the shoulder of the road ,  where the driver finally stopped and surrendered at about 9 . 15pm . "
i ' m scared for all of you guys . 
"4 .  take your antibiotics as prescribed :  if you don’t finish the course or take them at reduced dose there is a risk you won’t kill all the bacteria ,  says professor bibb .  ‘finishing the course will ensure all pathogens are killed .  taking less than the prescribed amount could lead to incrementally resistant strains developing . ’"
"that if you want to destroy something in this life , "
and then you connect that with your feeling that everyone has that motherly possibility . 
we were really hoping to settle this today . 
"he talked about the formulation of a problem being so incredibly important , "
i came into politics because i love this country . 
"i thought i told you ,  greatness requires sacrifice . "
these technologies are also a new frontier for promoting linguistic diversity . 
"you ' re kinda worried about me ,  aren ' t you ? "
"when you start to care about things that you didn ' t care about before ,  that ' s what we call growing up . "
but jesus constantly preaches against rich people . 
"after belmont and veraldi ,  he got the lightning . "
"to promote its own tv operating system ,  alibaba also said it has formed an alliance u . s .  - based cisco systems inc .  ,  though an alibaba spokeswoman didn ' t provide details on how cisco would be working with alibaba . "
"on examination ,  we have found that many of the sewing machines are severely damaged . "
"his dream may recall to us rimbaud ' s ' le bateau ivre  '  ,  which itself derived from poe . "
"but what you ' re doing right now , how you ' re going about it , seems very dangerous to me . "
there ' s a posse of officers up there that will force you to go . 
jim is still recovering from that hit on the head . 
and look at the changes in your postural sway over many months . 
did that tremor throw off the system ? 
"and i said ,   "" yes ,  i would love to do that .  it sounds great .  "" "
it was obvious to everyone that the child had been badly treated . 
by the late 1890 s bonnard ' s artistic idiom began to assume new features . 
it ' s not meant to be exhausting — instead you should notice how your worries melt away and you enjoy your present task much more . 
"if want to improve suzhou from the big city of tourist interest to the important city of tourist interest ,  we must aggrandize the key elements construction of eating ,  stay and travelling in travel . "
normal coning is less a treatment for infertility than a treatment for vanity . 
"the annual exam includes an aptitude test and a policy essay ,  and those who pass make it to an interview round . "
impressionism has long been one of the most popular art movements . 
"polzner ' s  ( at left in photo )  company partners withaccrediteduniversities ,  such as ucla ,  to issue certificates of proficiency in particular skill sets ,  once students complete online courses . "
"but the real action is in china ,  wherepressing bootleg media is a national sport . "
are we getting the message i ' m sending ? 
what if i die eating my vindaloo ? 
objective to compare the effect of nitroglycerin and magnesium sulfate on eclampsism . 
probably easier  -  -  if you got a rottie  -  -  much easier to train . 
"he is not ideologically committed to subsidies ,  nor is mike johanns ,  his pro  -  reform agriculture secretary . "
the u . k .  is enduring a serious heat wave that has resulted in an estimated 540 to 760 deaths over nine days . 
 *  sony ' s recently - launched playstation vita portable gaming system has sold more than 1 . 2 million units worldwide .   ( venturebeat ) 
other notable performances last sunday night included razy gogonea ' s signature matrix - stimulated body - popping act – moves that helped the romanian garner attention earlier this year on the fifth season of britain ' s got talent . 
"“we will be very happy .  and everything will go smoothly ,  and now we are trying more and more . ”"
why is this so hard for you to accept ? 
"luanda ,  angola ,  14 nov–angolan group m édia nova has invested us $ 25 million in setting up a new print works opened thursday in talatona ,  in the south of angola ´s luanda province ,  according to angolan news agency angop . "
"so long as this remains the case ,  there is danger in a premature withdrawal of fiscal support . "
"mckiernan says among the additional troops he is asking for ,  he is hoping to get units that will be able to fight the insurgents and serve as trainers for the afghan army and police . "
"experts also recommend eating a balanced breakfast that combines protein ,  fiber ,  and healthy fats to regulate blood sugar throughout the day . "
"in the way that we share ,  and the way that we express our stories , "
the army called it a battle ;  indians called it a massacre . 
"the cumulative net rates of discontinuation ,  accidental pregnancy and continuation were 16 . 8 %  ,  15 . 3 %  and 83 . 2 %  ,  respectively in ss ,  while 18 . 4 %  ,  15 . 6 %  and 81 . 6 %  ,  in cs ( p > 0 . 05 )  . "
we stayed at a resort hotel during the holidays . 
lawyers for khalid sheikh mohammad and the other defendants continue to file motions . 
i think it would be a kindness to tell him the bad news . 
"go now ,  paul ,   ' cause i don ' t know when there ' d be another opportunity . "
please let him earn more money than i do . 
"this can be tough for those who have to get up early during the week but like to stay up later on weekends ,  but do your best to craft a compromise between your work week and weekend habits . "
"the earth will burn ,  explode ,  i don ' t know what , "
"you know ,  the one with the big striped cartoon character on the front . "
"the medium  -  term progress in literature ,  first of all ,  this powerful backwash to require the independence of literature . "
"to control a cowlick at the back of the head ,  you ' ll either need to leave the hair long enough so the weight of the hair holds it down or cut it short enough so it doesn ' t stick up in the first place . "
moggy owners most likely to be hardworking  ( 67 per cent )  and laid back  ( 67 per cent )  . 
"you seem to have a lot of accidents ,  diggs . "
and you can see how i ' m gradually peeling off . 
mommy doesn ' t allow me to eat sugar cereal . 
popular modern resolutions might include the promise to lose weight or quit ' smoking . 
"sao paulo ,  brazil ,  21 nov–chinese computer manufacturer lenovo plans to sell its portable computers in brazil through retail channels at the start of 2009 ,  said lenovo ' s new project director in brazil ,  arthur izoldi . "
and he says he doesn ' t want to interrupt his colleagues
we ' re now in the era of virtual visits  -  - 
“the timing could not be worse .  the last thing mitt romney wants to focus on is abortion and social issues . ”
"in kyiv ,  victor chumak said russian officials were right to be cautious . "
"pennsylvania has the second oldest population in the nation ,  right behind florida .  and while the obama campaign ' s focus on change has resonated with young voters ,  it has fallen flat with many of their grandparents . "
wealth managers seem to treat you differently when you are an entrepreneur . 
but then the typical establishment crook is quick to express remorse . 
"health officials in germany cautioned the public against eating cucumbers ,  tomatoes andlettucesand some of these products have been removed from the shelves of shops . "
it ' s the kind of a brutal implementation of a harsh islamic law . 
"why don ' t you just call it like ,   "" megan fox blows someone ""  ? "
he prayed to god night and day to endue him with the spirit of holiness . 
i mean our experts are not as smart as theirs
i reflected now that it had no single happy memory for me . 
"the raw material is ,  after soy ,  the largest brazilian export to china ,  via companhia do vale do rio doce ( cvrd )  ,  the world ' s biggest producer of the product . "
why ?  job hunters are the lowest sect in the corporate caste system . 
"daddy ,  i want it a bit higher"
"the angolan offshore area is split into 74 shallow ,  deep and ultra - deep water exploration blocs ,  but only 30 are currently in operation . "
"since chimps can’t make the verbal sounds that humans can ,  the gardners tried teaching chimpanzees sign language . "
"and it gets kind of deep and difficult after about the third page , "
"got his hands around the neck of the last neanderthal , "
the worker ' s deed was beyond the call of duty . 
this is the way we treat people as responsible adults . 
"clinton is leaving tuesday to go to jerusalem ,  where she will meet with israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu .  she will also meet with palestinian leaders and egyptian officials on the trip ,  which the white house says will focus on u . s interest in a peaceful outcome to the conflict . "
his belly swelled so much .  .  .  that the surgeon had to make a puncture to drain off the fluid . 
 ' cause i got to hold onto my angst . 
"image taken by landsat 7 on apr .  13 ,  2003"
i have to sign copies of my book for a lot of people
"third ,  the case for generous subventions is to restore the financial system – and so the economy – to health . "
"so you expect me to believe that on the night of this wildly important party ,  you ' re gonna go out ,  but you ' re gonna study at alexa ' s . "
they just don ' t believe that what emerges is necessarily valid . 
what for you want her back again ? 
③myocardial ultrastructure :  myocomma derangement and myofibrillar degeneration were observed in the diabetic group .  transmission electron microscope revealed marked increasing and swelling of the mitochondria . 
"just move to one side for us ,  if you would . "
in conjunction with this you should read your introductory grammar guide . 
“to take up a collection” means to ask other people to give money  ( to donate money )  for a certain person or a certain project . 
"the typical work - life conversations are helpful ,  but they exclude huge numbers of women :  single mothers ,  those without children ,  and those just starting out their careers  ( with babies not even a blip on their radar )  .  focusing more on providing career strategies to women throughout their careers will set them up for success .  that involves honestly discussing the approaches that work and those that fail -  -  beyond the usual veneer -  -  and without being ashamed of failure .   ( nobody ' s perfect . "
"leading this local initiative is adriano berengo ,  who has divided his murano studio in two . "
"and of course the footprints are of different sizes ,  so it was easy to tell . "
take a good long look :  this is today ' s clean coal technology . 
flour on the baking sheet will keep the cookies from sticking . 
they had to work from early morning until late at night for a wage barely enough to keep body and soul together . 
"accept that you were laid off and view this setback as opening doors for other opportunities  ( at least that ' s what albert einstein would do )  .  just because your current employer lets you go ,  doesn ' t mean other employers don ' t want to pick you up .  also ,  this may be the perfect chance for you to start that business you ' ve always wanted .  start experimenting . "
"stephen groff ,  adb vice president for east asia south east asia and the pacific ,  said after holding talks with opposition leader aung san suu kyi sunday ,  she was cautiously upbeat but emphasized the need to generate employment . "
why this should be much more expensive than a regular car seat . 
"there ' s customers to get in the way ,  right ? "
" "" i was seeing more grey than i was seeing the clear black and white of wrongdoing ,  and my job was to find wrongdoing ,   "" she says . "
i came to the most remote place that i could think of . 
how can there not be a dial tone ? 
"you find a rigid sequence ,  a sequence of all a ' s , "
"so that song ,  somebody told me that it was at a baseball game"
"how do you connect them up ,  how does a really creative person"
which you can do by just touching an electrode to the temporal lobe there . 
"this version of the all -  american blonde toy was dressed in a black strapless evening dress ,  with a pink diamond necklace matching her pink peeptoe stiletto heels . "
then you ' re basically replaying the roll of the fbi agent
you ' re going to see a visual attention system on a robot
"step one :  review career goals .  did you set any goals for your career this year -  -  formally or informally ?  most people have some idea of what they want to accomplish next in their careers ,  such as getting a promotion and / or raise or perhaps achieving better work / life balance .  setting some goals is an important activity because goals help provide the focus you need to move your career forward -  -  and to avoid distractions or activities that may slow your career progress  ( or worse ,  devalue you )  .  so ,  if you had any goals for this year ,  answer these questions : "
can you easily find the newsgroup that you want to join in ? 
that ' s your answer to all my questions ? 
"we spend an awful lot of money trying to be sure that we don ' t die in airplane accidents , "
"because ,  if any one of those things hadn ' t happened , "
and they are going to have poor reading skills . 
"this is the foyer ,  which is kind of a garden structure . "
"that ' il help with adoption , but we give them 2 weeks . "
"one of them is kiki ,  one of them is buba . "
"it only started with the birth of modern bureaucracy , "
"the goal set up a grandstand second half with ferguson ' s men under siege as chelsea— notably asier del horno ,  frank lampard and didier drogba— either squandered great openings or found themselves denied by last - ditch blocks and saves . "
what is the point of all those pushups if you can ' t even lift a bloody log ? 
sources close to the deal told the paper that the deal should be closed and officially announced within the next few weeks . 
"he forgot ,  however ,  to check the melting point of aluminum ,  and his rocket did not get off the ground . "
he carefully attended to the wounded soldiers day and night . 
"assistant played a video on tudou . com just now ,  featuring the keynotes of idf2012 .  i was really moved when i was on stage of cncc facing 5000 +  passionate young audiences .  china has the most robust tech industry .  i feel so lucky to be here with you .  http :  /  / t . cn / zos90ts"
"with a closer look ,  the  "" reindeer ""  turned out to be a 40 , 000 - year - old baby mammoth . "
"since most of the entries in a banded matrix maybe 99 percent ,  strang says are zero ,  multiplying it by another matrix is a very efficient procedure :  you can ignore all the zero entries . "
"henry ,  you don ' t have to iie to us . "
"when the essence of who you are defines at least some slice of the work you do for a living ,  that work generates fulfillment . "
children of the trapeze group win the championship heroically after conquering a number of difficulties . 
the wind farm project is expected to cost between us $ 25 and us $ 30 million and by 2011 should have a production capacity of 25 percent of the country ' s needs . 
"like the insulin and the igf hormones and the tor pathway , "
"and when he had taken them ,  he said to him :  strike with an arrow upon the ground . "
there is no service charge and tipping is at your discretion . 
"the fact is that our present course is a non - sustainable course , "
"“portugal is a very important market for our business in europe and for that reason we have plans to expand our operations ,  ”hu said ,  adding that , “this expansion could mean an increase in the number of staff ,  from 80 currently ,  to 100 by the end of 2006 ,  and new staff will be hired on the local market . ”"
"there are very few places for drivers to refuel a hydrogen car ,  because there is no infrastructure yet for distributing hydrogen .  but mittleman says hydrogen cars are worth the wait .   "" it is zero emissions ,  there is no carbon ,  ""  he said .   "" and hydrogen is the most plentiful element in the universe .  "" "
4 : 30 p . m .  : firefighters raise a flag in thewreckageof the twin towers . 
you ' re the one who said that thing about jude law . 
"do you know what ' s playing now ?  that was not .  oh , a minister ? "
"from 1980’s on ,  eagleton’s attention was distracted from literaturecriticism to culture criticism ,  which was a larger research field than the former .  on thebasis of the regression to raymond williams’ theory as well as the introduction intothe theory of hegemongy by antonio gramsci ,  he claimed aesthetic ideology for thefirst time ,  which suggested a widely different research method from most of otherpost -  modernism theories . "
make me start a new project on the design of medicine . 
he says “i got a couple of tattoos and they freaked out . ”
i could put up a feed of all those links generated by technorati
and we have to disenthrall ourselves of some of them . 
and the answer seems to be yes .  and i ' ll just give you some samples of it . 
"that said ,  given many drivers deliver their food on motorbikes ,  there ' s one good excuse for turning up late ,  or not at all :  being in a road accident . "
i don ' t thinki had a lot of faith in myself . 
i ' m speaking to you on a secure line . 
"it let you fill in all the details about the experience , "
"the gpif ' s purpose is not to lift the stockmarket but to invest the people ' s money in a safe and efficient way , "
"and we ' re a non - profit foundation ,  you can give us the property"
reaction to that news among iraqis in baghdad was varied . 
why would he go to moscow ? 
"don ' t bother ,  i already picked it up . "
"do not give any of your children to sacrificed to molech ,  for you must not profane the name of your god .  i am the lord . "
one is an acheulean hand axe from half a million years ago
"and i think that the answer is ,  we can look at mortality data , "
the layouts of these crystals scattered and blocked high - frequency heatwaves but allowed low - frequency waves through . 
" "" he ' s been disappointed at the way he ' s been treated ,  ""  said kia joorabchian ,  the head of his entourage . "
"and that is ,  in a gold rush ,  when it ' s over ,  it ' s over . "
he made it in the world through sheer flattery -  -  i will be darn .  it ' s just not right . 
because they think that all those wonderful things  -  - 
"on a positive note ,  we at last have someone in the white house"
multi  -  turn valve drive refers to the valves have a straight drive itinerary . 
you think i ' m gonna let you mortgage your future ? 
"two years later i was exhausted again after a long day ' s work .  still ,  i needed to pick up my kids from the local grade school before heading home .  i stood wearily in the parents '  waiting area watching for my children .  suddenly ,  i felt two tiny arms wrap around my stomach .  i looked down and there was the little girl from the playground smiling up at me .  she gave me one more big hug before heading off to catch her school bus .  as i watched her back ,  i didn ' t feel quite so tired anymore and my spirits were once again soaring in the heavens . "
"he also serves as an adviser to high - profile technology companies including apple and google ,  relationships that have paid him handsome dividends over the last eight years . "
"and then i try to call him on his cell phone ,  and he says that he ' s in bad cell phone reception areas when he ' s in good cell phone reception areas . "
"they come back the next season in threes ,  always in threes . "
would you like to review the teleprompter copy before you rehearse ? 
"well ,  in that case ,  so do i . "
"the u . s .  protected 340 , 000 square miles of ocean as national monuments . "
"why was i always suffering ,  always browbeaten ,  always accused ,  for ever condemned ? "
do you have any life menu magazine ten in stock ? 
we are like a force of nature ! 
aquarius is an winter zodiac sign  ( as are the signs of capricorn and pisces )  . 
"this rise allowed china to once again overtake argentina as the second - largest supplier of goods to brazil ,  behind the united states . "
"there ' s no human casualties ,  there ' s no collateral damage ,  just a billion bots beating the crap out of each other . "
can ' t you be more specific in some way ? 
and don ' t delude yourself this was rape . 
"trace elements show that the rocks have characteristics of oceanic island basa lt ( oi b )  .  hree was depleted ,  but ta ,  nb ,  ti were not depleted and lile was very obviou sly not rich which shows that the magma source not occurred in isla nd arc and the cr ustal assimilation was very limited . "
"in may ,  dean jones ,  owner of realogics sotheby ' s international realty in seattle ,  will travel to a beijing luxury property show to market student - friendly real - estate projects ,  such as 1321 seneca ,  a planned 24 - story condo tower in seattle ' s first hill neighborhood ,  near downtown . "
"i knew the cobblestones in their layer of tar on the road ,  and the changing surface of the sidewalk ,  from flagstones to little lumps of basalt set in wave patterns ,  tar ,  and gravel . "
"these three colors ,  red ,  green ,  and violet ,  when combined ,  produce white . "
" "" i don ' t belong here ,  ""  it thought ,   "" i am just a small ,  meaningless dot and this picture does not need me .  "" "
she did become a finalist ;  she brought marsha to new york . 
he glanced at juliet accusingly and she looked suitably abashed . 
"and the question was ,  will ugly jerry and ugly tom"
"a people who don ' t fear the cold ,  but take advantage of it . "
"there is a certain silence that can emanate from a lifeless object as from a chair lately used ,  or from a piano with old dust upon its keys ,  or from anything that has answered to the need of a man ,  for pleasure or for work . "
"chocolate has got an  "" e ""  on it . "
"if you have any others ,  tell me now"
the guys upstairs must have called it in . 
"can ' t you just trust that i ' m a really ,  really good singer ? "
"and none of those problems could i have dealt with , "
a hundred million  -  looks more impressive  -  shown here on top of a shipping pallet .  make that 10 pallets  -  and you have a billion . 
"with maturity functions ,  the system can realize inquire statistics for any combination ; "
i ' ll discuss scalability options and finish up the last two steps of the patterns  - based solutions modeling by determining how to integrate all the selected runtime patterns into a solution . 
"a survey found that while 48 percent have fallen in love at first sight ,  a mere 28 percent of women could claim the same . "
"no doubt about it ,  the current job market is no walk on the beach for anyone just graduating from college .  companies plan to hire just 2 %  more grads than last year ,  says the national association of colleges and employers ,  a startling drop from the 13 %  increase those same employers projected last fall .  and this year ' s fresh crop of degree holders will have to compete with the roughly 40 %  of the class of 2012 who are still underemployed or out of work . "
the minister refused to comment on the rumors of his resignation . 
will you be here for my birthday ? 
"you ' il have to live like the rest of us ,  doctor . "
"the first two years of our business were essentially a makeshift business school for us -  - we made every possible mistake entrepreneurs could make , but it was great because we learned how to be profitable without needing outside funding . it wasn ' t until two and a half years later that we felt ready to take the next step of raising capital . "
he allegeed illness as a resson for not going to work . 
"of management of the commons on a local scale , "
"after having deprived me of my liberty ,  after having deprived me of death ,  after having recalled me to existence ,  my god ,  have pity on me ,  and do not let me die in despair !  "" "
and that material induced the body to switch back on a healing response
"the dynamic equations of independent wheels for light rail vehicles are established in this paper .  through the creep force analysis ,  the difference between guiding functions of indenpendent wheelset and of traditional wheelset is mentioned . "
server cluster and load balance are technique to ensure the availability and reliability of context  -  aware server . 
"in six hours ,  it ' il be a hundred below in here . "
"share joys and sorrows with your comrades ,  and support one another in adversity . "
no one showed the least regard for his feelings . 
try severalstrandsof beads or pearls for apotenttake on the look . 
"i know exactly what you ' re planning ,  and i ' m here to put a stop to it . "
she didn ' t have it at a hospital . 
the past equals the future .  and of course it does if you live there . 
"but to go from  "" bad carbs ""  to what are called  "" good carbs .  "" "
"among those detained are reportedly three members of the nationalist group ,  right sector . "
"but the minister of the war ,  general anami ,  did not agree . "
my face is always as red as a beet when i come out of the sauna . 
"this translates to a six  -  hour window either side of the expected decay which ,  based on a range of probabilities ,  would see the spacecraft splash down in the southern ocean . "
"leave a note on her pillow ,  a note on her dressing table mirror ,  a note on the breakfast table ,  and a note on her car ' s steering wheel . "
is so enormous that they can ' t deal with it any other way . 
"i ' il just meetyou there ,  then ,  at 6 : 00 . "
"you place it in an art museum ,  it becomes a sculpture . "
"and then trying to remove it from the domain name system , "
i can´t believe they wanna kill us . 
"what ' s he goanna do ,  squawk to his dad ? "
"the perfect woman ,  it turns out ,  is a celebritycocktailof all of the above ,  with a few more famous features thrown in for good measure . "
objective : to investigate the effect of using the afo in the early time on the walking ability in the hemiplegic stroke patients . 
"if it ' s his will to take me ,  it doesn ' t matter where i am . "
the fiddler ' s crude and irreverent sense of humor was distasteful to him . 
"finally ,  based on the theories of the personification of material and the materialization of person ,  it proposes tension between ethic and economic . "
"they live and die again and again to help others be free from samsara ,  while most of us are reborn out of attachment to samsara . "
"mr .  gorbachev and his reformist kremlin allies are prepared to tolerate ,  even encourage ,  moderate nationalists who challenge central control and demand autonomy . "
if i put a little love in my heart and look . 
"just like an offer in hand that can help you to ask for a better pay packet from your current employer ,  it may be much easier to negotiate with landlords when you have some options in hand . "
"this might strike you as a strange career move , "
dunes are ridges of loose sand heaped up by the wind . 
"i said ,   "" you better or you ' il be in trouble .  ""  he said ,   "" jam it !  "" "
the lord bless thee and keep thee . 
but there ' s this portal that you want to jump in . 
but it did seem to indicate that we were coming back . 
i was camping with some friends and two of them were dressed in very different styles . 
there is an unconscious heeling process within the mind which mends up in spite of our desperate determination never to forget . 
they do it in a way that i feel discourages engagement . 
let me tell you about that piece of shit you ' re covering for . 
and so we can compare and contrast the big ideas . 
amid all the rush and confusion she forgot to say goodbye . 
"not exactly disappear ,  but the sun will eventually burn out and die . "
we have to go to the green room . 
"was an idiot ,  because there was nobody to fax to . "
the right of being first at the tee in golf . 
"by comparing different plant communities of these two grassland types , it figured out their differences and sameness in sdr , iv , vegetal yield and some other items , and pointed out the influences of natural factors ( especially climate ) and human factors ( grazing , mowing , burning grass  ) on the composition and yield of the grassland vegetation . "
"this ain ' t a one  - man deal ,  kid .  you need to wise up and get yourself . "
verbal communication space is usually shared with adults and conversation is encouraged . 
delicate lace ruffles fell over the lean yellow hands that were so overladen with rings . 
his clowning is founded on extreme skill as juggler and acrobat . 
i ' d like a few hours of quiet after the day ' s work . 
"her every word and gesture during the day he tried to impress upon his heart . moments later he would drift to sleep only to awake with a start a moment later ,  feeling his joy had been robbed by sleep . once more he would mentally review the day ' s happiness . "
"yeah ,  well ,  i don ' t give a crap . "
and i learned very early on with my first patient
"let ' s get personal .  i won ' t ask who here ' s had a colonoscopy , "
"well ,  in both cases ,  the thing that is construed as being affected"
many features of saturn ' s rings and cloud  -  tops now show considerable detail . 
the reverse thinking is the sign of looking into the dean decision - making oversight . 
its other appendages were so abundant and satisfying that we felt the absence of dead or wounded game to be a trifling circumstance of no account . 
" "" they seem to be able to discriminiate between different shapes ,  which might even mean they discriminate between different species of fish ,  ""  he told bbc news . "
"in the partnership between the oil companies ,  a specific project is the construction of a natural gas pipeline ,  known as the gasene project . "
"and blank is seven letters ,  and it could be  "" clinton "" or it could be  "" bob dole .  "" "
rp  -  hplc method for determination of refined rutin and its homologous substances was presented . 
"an estimated 15 , 000 people live on the streets ,  in cars or in shelters here . "
and many other scholars have made around the world . 
"4 .  we play camping out ,  and i don ' t need a tent . "
"on a more positive note ,  a more ' thematic '  manner of organizing new l2 vocabulary is suggested by more recent psychological research which would predict that clusters like frog ,  green ,  hop ,  pond ,  slippery ,  croak would be more easily learnt than groups of unassociated words . "
in the tests on wednesday gilardino and ricardo oliveira also did well . 
"these things ,  they do look better in pieces . "
the army in madagascar has stormed a military camp near the island ' s international airport following a mutiny by other soldiers .  it said the situation was now under control . 
strong oscillations can occur in the residuals as the number of terms is increased . 
david trezeguet has admitted that he ' s desperate to win promotion back to serie a with juve as soon as possible . 
"ok ,  so ,  much ,  much better than the average crowd ,  i can tell you that . "
"however ,  just as an experienced athlete knows when to push through the pain and when to pull back ,  you’ll need to be very careful how you take this particular piece of advice . "
" ( again ,  remember it’s not clear that waking up early causes stress ,  depression ,  or weight gain .  ) "
dog 4increases regeneration rate .  the increase is based on your ninjitsu skill . 
"maputo ,  mozambique ,  28 dec–the construction of the support pillars for the main stretch of the bridge over the river zambeze is due to begin in january ,  the project ' s director ,  nuno henriques told the mozambican public works and housing minister ,  fel ício zacarias . "
i ' il be right here when you come out . 
like someone skimped on meat in his sandwich . 
"and thank you very much ,  mr .  wolf . "
i have a theory about what makes good boys good . 
"skipping ahead a bit more here ,  this is rony on the whale carcass . "
"local governments ,  on the other hand ,  might underreport to save face or to prevent international organizations from assisting opposition groups . "
"think of the controller as the air traffic controller at an airport ,  giving direction to the coming and going of aircraft . "
"hey ,  you know what i say ,  huh ? "
we was just trying to help . 
"but we ' re trying to get the governments to all work together ,  and it ' s not easy . "
and rumi ' s stories are metaphors for the spiritual path . 
"first ,  the devil ' s triangle is one of the two places on earth that a magnetic compass does point towards true north . "
"taken aback ,  the unemployed man protests that he is neither in possession of a computer nor of ane - mail address . "
"i have access to security codes .  .  .  surveillance plans ,  the works . "
"i find it so predictable what each side will say ,  since they always invite people who have opinions that are poles apart . "
shenzhen special economic zone has achieved remarkable success since it was established almost eight years ago . 
noticed since the return of the boy to his mother . 
"but as long as you ' re there ,  take a peek in the medicine cabinet . "
the risk based contractor safety management system can perfectly answer all the questions above . 
and apparently it affects your sense of smell . 
"behind the lines of these fantastic lands sits a young woman who has battled countless rejections .  from 2006 to 2008 ,  many domestic manga magazines ,  like beijing cartoon and cartoon king ,  went out of print . "
"this system is developed for the quality management requirement ,  process and actuality of bodywork assemble and welding in some automobile manufacture company . "
"to predict the solubility data of organic compounds in supercritical fluids ,  taking peng - robinson state equation as model ,  the computer program is developed to calculate the v - l phase balance covering the supercritical fluids phase . "
"for most of the 20th century ,  after defeat in the spanish - american war of 1898  ( known in spain as “the disaster” )  ,  everybody ' s favourite topic was “the problem of spain” . "
"the document also confirmed that the fact that 16 countries had maintained the growth rate of their gross domestic product ( gdp )  at over 4 . 5 percent since the 1990s .  inflation on the continent also fell to a historic low and most exchange rate distortions were eliminated ,  at the same time as fiscal deficits were falling . "
"right .  how do you think being together on a religious life council ,  being in the same dorm in princeton ,  how well you speak arabic . "
that power drill will be used around 12 to 13 minutes
"but bringing devices into the bedroom is a bad idea ,  if quality rest is your goal . "
someone has stolen three of my tarts ! 
"i gotta get to bed early ,  anyway . "
traffic was stacked up for miles because of the accident . 
"the diplomats were asked ,  “if we had an extra  $ 50 billion to put to good use ,  which problems would be solved first  ? ”"
"the communities that have been around for literally hundreds of years , "
and one of the reasons why he designed roofs this way is because it ' s  -  - 
during normal field service there is no need to remove the bottom plug spring assembly other than inspection . 
"firstly ,  we ' ve got the sports psychology strand ,  secondly ,  we ' ve got the sports management strand ,  and last ,  but not least ,  there ' s the sports physiology strand . "
"brothers and sisters ,  the battle for production has been won . "
my father gave me no quarter and i asked for no quarter . 
the strategic adjustments after the terrorist attacks of september 11 are just aiming at the continuation and extension of u . s .  global strategy in a concealed and deceptive way . 
you should be in this room 30
or squeezy toy for a child  -  -  the instruments stayed the same and are valuable
but it ' s  -  -  a controller at top cycles the water to fall
"for the promoters who conceive and execute campaigns to raise public awareness and research dollars ,  duration is measured only in days ,  weeks ,  months or ,  rarely ,  years—never more than a decade . "
"apart from its function to expand students’ horizons ,  the reading list has become a culture among many western readers . "
"he believed that when he laid his hands on her ,  it revealed her sins . "
there are two kinds of text filtering :  content  -  based filtering and collaborativefiltering . 
"over his last three starts ,  the right  -  hander has gone 2  -  0 with a 1 . 29 era . "
we don ' t want to have what there is in the west . 
reduced advertising costs alone are reason enough to establish a website . 
"one of the most powerful things i learned when i moved in with andy was that the way in which he generally expected me to behave ,  was the way in which i inevitably ended up behaving in his company .  i was naïve to expect that i wouldn ' t have to go through some  ' stuff '  after removing myself from a life and identity of 21 years ,  all my possessions and friends and plonking myself into a brand new life .  i had very few of my own things around me ,  moving into someone else ' s home as opposed to my own ,  and into a brand new life and relationship .  did i go through stuff … oh yes !  it was like being stripped down and having to start again .  although i loved myself unconditionally before entering into the relationship with him ,  no one warns you that you ' re going to have to start all over again when you go into a new relationship !  so ,  andy would sometimes wake in the morning wondering whether i was feeling good or not ,  and the moment he looked at me in expectancy of a possible bad mood ,  it was instantly created . "
"for the king of the north will return ,  and he will raise up a multitude greater than the first ;  and at the end of some years he will come unrelentingly with a great army and with much materiel . "
clues come today  -  -  it won ' t take too much intellectual energy to connect the dots . 
"and carrie says ,   "" boy ,  i feel like i didn ' t really draw out the main point"
"anne is my birth name ,  but because of my sunny disposition ,  my friends called me pollyanna . "
tony :  you’re going to have a hard time cooking for them . 
but i was not the only one there who had that reaction . 
"by revealing us the justice ,  the loftiness ,  the harmouy ,  the goodness and the power contained and embodied in law ,  this essay is to deal with the aesthetic value of law . "
"at the unt health center at fort worth ,  texas . "
now some people might say email is really distracting
"they can run up a wall at a meter a second ,  15 steps per second , "
here is shep o ' neal to tell you the story . 
they ' re both exactly the same size and shape to an uncanny degree . 
and the reason is built into their behavior  -  - 
"they may slow the train down ,  but they ' re never gonna stop it . "
the stem cells themselves are extracted from cattle muscle and then multiplied a millionfold before they are put in petri dishes and allowed to turn into muscle cells . 
"part of the reason is  -  -  they ' ve got way more choices than they used to , "
"larry will now lead product development and technology strategy ,  his greatest strengths ,  and starting from april 4 he will take charge of our day  - to -  day operations as google’s chief executive officer . "
"but former defense official frank gaffney ,  now president of the center for security policy ,  says the new strategy has many problems . "
he buy a block of share in mark and spencer . 
it ' il be easier to get her reassigned . 
"a popular american tradition every autumn in the united states is to go to a farm with a pumpkin patch ,  and pick one of the large orange gourds right off the vine .  many of the pumpkins will be carved into candle - lit jack o’ lanterns for the halloween celebration of the spooky at the end of this month . "
and autism types working out there on the movie set too . 
so what do we dake of this interpreter ? 
canadian dave summers says it is understandable that political protest often accompanies the olympics . 
i think it ' s time to address the reason for this seminar :  improving nanny - mom communication . 
contact with imperial china in the early 19th century introduced westerners to the chinese custom of kowtowing — kneeling down and touching the forehead on the ground in worship or submission . 
and i thought this was so much better than making trucks . 
"and if you plot them ,  you must choose some system . "
ever thought of putting them in the sun ? 
the absence of a credible alternative economic model is evident . 
"with the two inaugurations on friday ,  cape verde ' s newest financial institution now counts five branches ,  three in praia and one each on the islands of sao vicente and sal . "
"a mine ,  “mine , ” is when you dig a hole in the mountain in order to get coal ,  or diamonds ,  or some other material from the mountain . "
it turned out my stepsisters knew where fiona had filed my real acceptance letter . 
during the depression of the 1920 s and 1930 s many men found it almost impossible to keep the wolf from the door . 
"greg saloga beat you up ,  i bet . "
" "" see the thing is ,  if you meet the right producer like ron sax for instance ,  "" "
"foreign financing represented 78 percent of public financing of sao tome and principe in 2005 ,  the overall total of which reached us $ 18 . 73 million ,  with us $ 13 . 34 in the form of donations and the remaining us $ 5 . 30 million as loans and internal funding . "
"i got my first computer when i was a teenager ,  growing up in accra . "
my doctor said it ' s really bad if you ' re trying to get pregnant . 
"but for thousands of crayon shin - chan fans ,  the japanese manga and anime creator was just as essential to pop culture as matt groening ,  the south park creators or seth macfarlane is to many americans . "
write out a 25 word mission statement of what you intend to help your customers achieve with your consulting help . 
"backstroke spin drill is an intense ,  fun drill for swimmers of all ages . "
diagnostic criteria and principles of management of contact dermatitis induced by cosmetics . 
" , propylaea japonica ( thunberg )  ,  chilomenes quadriplagiata ( swartz )  and verania discolor  ( fabricius )  , displayed significantly high tolerance to fipronil and spinosads .  lc50 ratios ( lrs )  were 1 . 73 - 41 . 9 . in particular , with lrs higher than 5 . 0 , fipronil showed lowly toxic to the three ladybirds and spinosads and imidacloprid to v . discolor . "
"he said he thinks the sweep of zuccotti park will make the protests stronger by stripping away the people who came only for fun and free food ,  not activism . "
"in the summer it is harder to catch seals ,  so before summer arrives ,  the bears eat as much as they can to fatten up ,  then live off the fat in their bodies . "
"we were thrown outtogether ,  me and him . "
"fourth ,  experience becomes a form of economy following agriculture ,  industry ,  and service industry economies . "
"this paper presents an investigation on the condition of drill pipe wash out occurred in 2004 in one oil field ,  and statistic analysis on the different type of drill pipe wash out were carried out . "
"praia ,  cape verde ,  28 nov–portugal ' s galp energia owns 44 . 6 percent of cape verdean fuel company ,  enacol ,  distancing itself from angola ' s sonangol ,  which has a stake of 38 . 1 percent ,  cape verdean newspaper ,  a semana reported wednesday . "
"if your email provider allows it ,  you may even want to create several signatures to use for different purposes  ( e .  g .  one for emailing friends ,  one for new business contacts )  . "
"at first glance it might look like an authentic apple store ,  but it lacks the painstaking attention to detail apple takes with its official retail locations . "
"and ,  like ,  people would not believe ,  seriously ,  where i ' m from , "
meanwhile state media reported that at least ten people were killed in two car bomb attacks in damascus . 
"miss world ,  the peruvian beauty queen maria julia mantilla ,  said wednesday she was considering suing a plastic surgeon after he told the press he had given her buttock implants and trimmed her ears . "
"luanda ,  angola ,  17 nov–angola is likely to produce 2 million barrels of oil per day in 2008 ,  almost double the production of 2005 ,  the head geophysicist of angolan state oil company ,  sonangol said in cape town thursday . "
but it ' s worth remembering andy warhol ' s point about coke . 
"of course ,  in a bad year when the hostile takeover would be the re  -  emergence . "
"she was born in uganda ,  but spent some of her childhood in kenya . "
"i actually made my own ,  just using a piece of paper . "
“i can do my part standing on my head ! ”
"“this company will be 51 percent owned by angolan investors and geocapital will hold 49 percent and will develop projects in the financial and energy sectors ,  ”said the executive from geocapital ,  which announced this month it plans to invest close to us $  40 billion until 2018 in production of biofuels in lusophone africa . "
"it ' s rather like that line in the film  "" as good as it gets .  "" "
i don ' t want this thing on my desk . 
is going to take decades and decades to come back . 
"also in this area ,  the angolan government has approved funding for the expansion and modernization of the telecommunications network in the eastern ( cuando cubango ,  moxico ,  lunda norte and lunda sul )  and northern ( zaire )  regions . "
flexible thermal expansion molding is a new low  -  cost manufacturing technique of composite . 
rather the key is to demonstrate through the courts that their behaviour brings with it serious and long - term personal consequences . 
jake la motta and sugar ray robinson meet for the third time . 
" "" shortly after the earthquake hit ,  we have sent teams of the armed police and pla men to ensure that these facilities are under very strict protection measures and there is no problem involved here ,  ""  general ma said . "
for someone like me to come up on stage
"that ' s kind of like a gold star around here ,  huh ? "
can you tell me when you went to lake charmaine last ? 
"a king ,  realizing his incompetence ,  can either delegate or abdicate his duties .  a father can do neither .   - marlene dietrich . "
educational and entertainment kiosks vary somewhat from the strict transient posture required of more transactional kiosks . 
"oh ,  hey ,  did larry tell you that i talked to him about fitzer stopping by ? "
"also ,  for skin care after shaving ,  this is perfect as an after - shave lotion . "
"well ,  if i admit to that ,  you may use it to your advantage . "
"on these days he would usually buy himself a few ounces of wine ,  and ,  sitting on the edge of the bed ,  would drink by himself and curse roundly in an incomprehensible language . "
"hey ,  mary jane ,  i can explain everything ,  all right ? "
put a mexican tetra in the middle tank–that’s a predator who snacks on swordtails–and you get a different result . 
"or at least that ' s the takeaway from new research published in the journal plos one ,  which found that the people we end up pairing off with bear little resemblance to our fantasy lovers . "
i stumbled upon the rare book in a second  -  hand bookstore . 
i gotta take care of this . 
"and moreover ,  when both are sincere and good ,  no men so penetrate each other ,  and so amalgamate with each other ,  as an old priest and an old soldier . "
to investigate the mechanism of repeating  -  70 ℃ freeze thawing on human choroidal melanoma cell line ocm  -  1 . 
"in october 2006 ,  he was partying with friends when he jumped into the pool and hit his head .   ' i remember the panic set in that i knew i hurt myself ,  '  he said .   ' i knew it was something bad .  ' "
this is why the events of wednesday aroused concern . 
"because what that gives you a sense of is the way , "
"that sanghamitra and her team brought to the village , "
"he / she has relationship withthat code that wrote ,  now think ! "
 -  cut back on that item so you have more money to put in your emergency fund or in your investment fund . 
"juicy couture ,  the once - hot brand known for its velour track suits favored by celebrities ,  recently said it would close all of its u . s .  stores this summer while it goes off to re - invent itself . "
"the areas include the mountainous towns of zintan ,  mizdah and sheguiga ,  some 150km south of the libyan capital . "
they reward the people who draw first blood . 
"it is not known if the offensive marks a broader strategic shift by the government or is only a limited operation .  but analysts point out that pakistani taliban commander baitullah mehsud ,  who islamabad has accused of organizing the assassination of former prime minister benazir bhutto ,  announced he is halting peace talks with the government . "
"and if we could figure that out ,  how can we implement those designs ? "
the lawyer ' s advice led to the resolution of this difficult problem . 
"you ever read this book ,  twenty thousand leagues under the sea  ? "
she threw off her cloak with an abandoned gesture . 
we ' re going well at the minute and we ' re lucky enough to have a big squad with good players who can come in if we get a couple of injuries . 
"it is now up to president peres to call for the poll ,  which could take place in february ,  more than a year ahead of schedule . "
he was also responsible for training camps and for extorting funds from contractors . 
"their main exports are textiles ,  especially silk and cotton . "
"we find him ,  he can lead us to her . "
and that ' s kind of the good thing . 
"currently the main airlines in the angolan market are taag ( state flagship air carrier )  ,  sonair ( owned by oil group sonangol )  ,  diexim and air 26 ,  with cabinda ,  huambo ,  soyo ,  benguela and lubango as the main destinations . "
"write down 10 things you love about your partner on a sheet of paper and stick it somewhere they will see it first thing in the morning ,  such as inside their wardrobe or on the bathroom mirror . "
"one of them is creating technologies to promote micro - finance and micro - enterprise , "
more significant than what they eat is how they eat it . 
fuck them and the horse they rode in on . 
"we use all kinds of cutlery to cut meat or vegetables ,  and to peel fruits or vegetables . "
"church of the new life ,  colorado springs"
" "" because of organizational requirements ,  i have to hang up ,  ""  he said . "
you ' re in no position to talk to me about right and wrong ! 
"from the old photograph i could easily imagine him as my mother described him - an lid peacock ,  twirling his moustache and giving the glad eye to pretty housemaids . "
they won ' t be able to hush up their crime any more . 
"of building a system in a very poor area ,  is dr .  paul farmer , "
and it ' s going to turn it into actual molecules
"the brazil - china chamber of economic development ,  which was founded in 2001 ,  is an organization aiming to promote closer ties between government bodies ,  brazilian and chinese associations and business people ,  in order to consolidate commercial and cultural relations between brazil and china . "
visiting hilda one day she entrusted her friend with a mysterious package . 
i once did a whole segment on nighttime television . 
without having to put in the time and energy that you did
"something more pompous as style as before is represented by a bardot new formal dresses dress :  straight neckline ,  embroidery bodice ,  empire waist again ,  marked by a narrow satin sash ,  simple . "
"borisov ,  vanka borisov ,  the european crew championship ,  munich . "
the method requests scarcely any previous information and obtains fuzzy model from samples .  the validity of the method has been demonstrated by examples of function approximation problem . 
"not having heard of flying saucers ,  i thought it was a soviet reconnaissance plane ,  he recounts . "
"in addition he also has the innovation in the narrative structure ,  full expression his thought . "
it ' s because these circuits are producing pain that ' s no longer helping you . 
"reporter :   "" ist das auto  -  navigations  -  system derzeit ihre lebensversicherung in m ü nchen ?  "" "
it does not have to be like that . 
you ' re getting lost inside this monster of yours . 
"whatever it is ,  they burned it up in a hurry . "
this paper gives new random coding algorithm and new random public key code algorithm . 
his paper aims at discussing the properties of the newly discovered elements . 
"and using religion to get what they want to get out of us , "
"and that is ,  of course ,  what we are here to talk about . "
"there is a little teeny dot ,  and that ' s earth . "
"if i push even harder ,  i ' ll go through the bone structure , "
and the ipad knows where you live because of gps  -  - 
"video games ,  bookworms ,  and avid tv viewers tend to be homebodies . "
"we can use the word ‘afraid '  in the following ways :  first ,  to politely tell someone something that may disappoint them . "
"stock when it debuts in hong kong on friday may need a little luck ,  as recent lukewarm listings and a relatively high ipo price could limit the upside and even send shares down . "
"now ,  how can i hold my head up in dojo street ? "
"krista lamp says her piles ,  including client paperwork and magazines she must read ,  serve as a visual to - do list . "
the woman was given a one - year suspended jail sentence and ordered to pay a fine for intentionally damaging the photographs after becoming annoyed that staff stopped to work to look at them . 
"several aconitum ,  there is a really big nose ,  big head felt half . "
"first ,  you fill out the application form and then we ' ll issue you a passbook . "
teaches theoretical physics at the humboldt institute . 
i have a message from director cabot that i need to transmit over the hotline . 
in 1969 are the number - two -  and number - three - rated television shows . 
"and just like that ,  it was over . "
the only flaw in an otherwise perfect plan . 
"champions take failure as a learning opportunity ,  so take in all you can ,  and run with it . "
you were the last man  ( that )  i had dreamed of meeting here . 
"this is a five - year - old colony .  this is the nest entrance ,  here ' s a pencil for scale . "
"i dozed off ,  and awoke on the outskirts of paris . "
i ' m the pastor over at st .  paul ' s presbyterian . 
"and try to localize it with your other hand , "
"right now i ' m gonna pick up charmaine ,  and then i ' m going to process .  .  .  my last therapy session . "
anil ananthaswamy :  and i ' ll finally like to leave you with two images . 
"this is actually a picture of hal ,  my coauthor . "
do you know why we ' re called harimaos ? 
"happy farher ' s day to all fathers from the chief .  being a father is one of the hardest jobs in the world ,  but also the most rewarding .  i have said it before .   you only need to give your children 3 things :   love ,  education and confidence .   so enjoy today ,  but get busy tomorrow !  !  ! "
"if you look at their feet ,  they have leaf - like structures called linalae"
"next to the throttle is the airspeed gauge , "
"you look like a ghost ,  you know that ? "
i knows it when i feels it . 
"the session will be attended by the deputy secretary of the weifang chamber of commerce ,  wang pei fu ,  and the rpesident of the kamer van koophandel ,  john stoop ,  as well as representatives of fortis bank and the antwerp law office . "
gordon said maybe one or two may have escaped . 
"in the banking sector it has shares in four financial institutions in portuguese - speaking african countries ,  specifically ,  angola ,  cape verde ,  guinea bissau and mozambique . "
"is ,  when you ' re on a call an you move from wi - fi into cellular range , "
traditional correlation coefficient method was improved for corridor traffic demand forecast ;  accumulating and dispersing nodes and correlative influence factors of traffic demand were analyzed . 
"has got in their pocket ,  or back in their room , "
"and she ' s got the kind of looks that are gonna last ,  you know ? "
i don ' t profess expert knowledge of / to be an expert in this subject . 
"in taylor ' s picture ,  the eddy is the basic element of turbulence . "
what about the droid attack on the wookiees ? 
"do you really think maria ' s .  .  .  saving herself for you ,  dude ? "
how it could enjoy the sky… … being conscious that that i never said to him to people… … that as much matters to me who is jesus ? 
do you agree to receive assignments that are related to adult material ? 
the audience held its  /  their breath as the acrobat walked along the tightrope . 
these are four very different ways of looking at the world .  i even gave them names . 
the nine  -  year  -  old boy foiled the two cheats ' plan ask his parents for a ransom . 
"acipenser sinensis fish life is very long ,  can live yierbainian . "
the fort was built on an island in charleston harbor .  it was surrounded by southern artillery . 
so i don ' t want you to blab it around until i know i ' ve got the part . 
don ' t try to get pity from me . 
" ' i can ' t ,  '  lied the blacksmith ' s wife .   ' i spent it on medicine . "
" ( ella mitchell -  -  _  as the real "" big momma .  ""  )  :  i ' m the original big momma that owns big momma ' s house .  and the others are all impostors .  and people working under cover ,  if you know what i mean .  but it ' s a lot of fun . "
a man who has been late for everything in his life - from funerals to first dates - has had his chronic tardiness diagnosed as a medical condition . 
much of the carbon in the earth comes from things that once lived . 
"yukio hatoyama ,  the prime minister ,  and his most influential backer ,  ichiro ozawa ,  have since been caught up in election  -  funding scandals that have shredded the government ' s credibility . "
don ' t always put away too much pie and icecream . 
"don ' t wait for that sign to be adopted ,  these things don ' t change quickly . "
bees pollinate many of the world ' s crops—a service estimated to be worth 15 billion a year in america alone . 
"last year ,  the united states supreme court considered its first case about genetically engineered crops . "
"and the way that i ' m going to do that is , "
"but ,  in between them ,  you ' ll find all sorts of interesting places"
"in one shot ,  crabs crawl around a toilet mr ai has just used . "
"there is ,  of course ,  no expense to yourself ,  sir . "
"the home of lords consists of hereditary peers ,  life peers ,  high churchmen and some judges . "
"i can measure how you sweat when you see an object , "
why didn ' t you tell us about this betore the trial ? 
"small gestures like cooking for him ,  ironing a shirt ,  asking him if he ' s had lunch or a quick kiss when he ' s feeling low are highly appreciated . "
"after the war ended ,  many german romanians were deported to the soviet union in 1945 ,  including her mother ,  who spent five years in a work camp in what is now ukraine . "
a senior u . n .  official says there is an alarming rate of malnutrition among burma ' s children .  the head of the world food program is urging the government to change policies that he says are hurting efforts to combat the problem . 
"in other words ,  they were all speaking like james tooley . "
"the sniperscan see you through their night scopes ,  but at least you have some limited cover from the infected . "
"i knew after three years , you just weren ' t checking in . "
i promise the answer will always be yes . 
"hey ,  mr .  darling ,  justthought you might want to know"
i can ' t stand this place any longer . 
"well ,  i see you brought your daddy . "
because the paint starts to turn into little blobs . 
"this is not the future king of england ,  although it looks like it . "
"right there in the bank ,  she started to cry . "
"therefore ,  when a couple get married ,  they are supposed to choose the time of their marriage which ranges from 1 year to 100 years . "
the accumulation of excessive amounts of liquid manure frequently leads to necrotic posthitis . 
"in this paper , the spatial development principles and development stage and delimitation model of daily urban system of inland city are analysed . "
always say goodbye before you hang up the phone . 
the land cracked and the springs dried up and the cattle listlessly nibbled dry twings . 
"it ' svaried work ,  but not stressful :  when i ' m on call i can expect a half -  dozenrequests for help ,  none of them emergencies . "
did he tell you why he ' s here ? 
you ever heard of an assistant to the coaching assistant ? 
we got what we came for .  .  .  and our special relationship is still very special . 
you ' re more dead to me than your dead mother . 
i have lain awake all night thinking of them . 
the safety and stability of gird is a whole systematic engineering issue . 
"“magnitude” has a number of different meanings ;  take a look at the learning guide for some additional explanations of that word。 monty says ,  “our slogan  ( the slogan of the company )  is :  ‘look in the mirror and this could be you ! ’”"
"oh ,  look at you ,  you little guy ! "
trying to hold his own onscreen with kirk is action juggernaut tugg speedman . 
"until recently ,  most researchers studied the effects of gaming on small groups of volunteers ,  who learned to play under laboratory conditions .  some scientists now are turning the commercial games themselves into laboratories of learning . "
he was shocked at the discovery that his business had failed . 
there would be different modes of being you could experience
"after making this film ,  i became more of a heavy drinker . "
but we have learnt from the lehman collapse and know not to leave the sector high and dry when a systemic institution fails . 
the argument became so heated that the woman next door sent for the fire brigade . 
the country  -  -  the home of biological .  and putting them together . 
life will be like one big sunset . 
the base was set up and used as an advance landing ground during the indo - chinese conflict in 1962 . 
"q :  how many times has style . com posted your photos ?  did the photographer ,  scott schuman ,  inform you when he took your photos ? "
then what ' s the point of wearing this rotten yellow star ? 
"listen ,  baby ,  vadim ' s trial ' s in two months . "
traffic jams during rush hours are a growing headache for many commuters .  but travelers’ anxieties might also create business opportunities . 
"like richard ,  or a cockroach ,  or a crab ,  or a kangaroo , "
we want to pretend that mexico has the flu . 
and we ' ve got such a long way to go with this . 
"rome ,  italy :  one the most important cities in history remains a must - visit destination .  all of the grandeur of rome collected throughout the ages can still be seen today .  walk through the gates of the coliseum like the gladiators ,  eat some of the finest food in the world ,  and visit the vatican  ( technically not the same country as rome ,  but definitely nearby )  . "
because this is the air force teaching the army how to wait . 
i am do sorry to hear that . 
"after two centuries of relative decline ,  vis - a - vis the uk ,  it has been richer for most of the past half century . "
"additionally ,  the study appears to cover only one moment in time ,  or at least the duration of the study is not discussed . "
i think it ' s fair to say i win every crazy mother contest . 
"i spread my arms before romilagu ,  trying to communicate firmness to him . "
a new method is offered to extract quadric surface based measured points for reverse engineering . 
"and if we behave like them ,  then what is the point in winning ? "
"or sad ,  depending on how you looked at it . "
a week later the parts in question fall off . 
"i like your school in beijing ,  but i ' m not feeling at eh moment . "
"all this must be said about christ himself ,  not merely about some abstract appendage called humanity  "" assumed ""  by god the son . "
i don ' t think he understood that i wasn ' t asking for funding . 
and dropping the beads gently down into the nest entrance at the right rate . 
"luanda ,  angola ,  8 may–the director - general for foreign policy and security of the south korean prime minister ' s office ,  kim eun seok ,  said thursday in luanda that his government intended to take part in mining projects in angola . "
"if you ' ve ever been told that you have the memory of a goldfish ,  you ' ll understand why this myth is so ingrained in society .  the actual memory span of goldfish is at least three months ,  and some researchers have managed to prove that goldfish can remember what they have been taught up to a year later .  in addition to a very good memory ,  goldfish also have good vision ,  being able to distinguish between shapes and colors .  so the next time someone ignorantly compares your memory to that of a goldfish ,  don ' t forget to thank them ! "
"you can see the contrast in their styles .  .  .  the speedy ray robinson up on his toes ,  the dancing master . "
i think i ' ll stay home and eat this chocolate fudge sundae . 
your networking game plan :  explain what you do  ( and what you ' d like to do ) 
"south korean president lee myung - bak has called the shooting  "" intolerable ,  ""  and has suspended the tourism project completely until north korea cooperates in the probe .  although seoul is still permitting some travel to the north by private civic groups ,  it is urging some of the groups to cancel their upcoming visits . "
and any slow changes in the broadcast frequency would reveal information about the rotation and movement of the aliens’ planets . 
"for example ,  you can send string data in one channel with conversion enabled and send binary data down another . "
sets all the instance variables in the object to their default values . 
sometimes the simple act of first making a to -  do list helps the mind and nervous system wind down . 
we have no record of your appointment . 
"the problem was that gassendi relied on his own reaction time ,  making his measurement higher than it should have been . "
"the pageant started as a local bathing suit revue in long beach ,  california ,  organized by a swimwear company . "
"no ,  just keep going straight ,  past chevalier . "
we spoke in whispers for fear of waking the baby / for fear  ( that )  we might wake the baby . 
rumor is the relationship is quite complicated . 
" "" you start with some kind of very alarming ,  attention  -  grabbing headline and then you find a recent college graduate in the worst possible circumstances to lead off your story ,   "" he says . "
"thousands are heading to the polls ,  expressing hope that elections will bring freedom and the stability they have long waited for . "
" ' there are probably four or five people in the country who would be considered for that job ,  and i doubt any one of them will hear about the job from the ad ,  '  says mr .  sackett ,  the former hr manager ,  who is now president of hru technical resources ,  an information - technology staffing agency in lansing ,  mich . "
"hopefully , this will yield some information about the assassin himself . "
so she was like that jazz musician friend you have who never studied music
"because there was no lag between when the cursor passed over an object and when the balloon was displayed ,  it rendered the application largely unusable when balloon help was enabled . "
later he became proprietor of a circuit of theatres and music halls on the northeast coast . 
"steve ember :  in nineteen three ,  a doctor in detroit ,  michigan ,  bought the first car from the ford motor company . "
"film is an auteur ' s medium ,  full stop . "
"eye in the road ,  eye on the patient . "
"at the time it was just a codename ,  which steve jobs reportedly tried to change to  "" bicycle ""  while raskin was out of the office ,  but macintosh stuck until the end of product development and made it onto the box . "
"it will appear bluish  - white ,  just above and to the left of the last two stars in the big dipper . "
"and i know there ' s some of you who say ,   "" well ,  wouldn ' t it be better , "
"when we say it was “modeled  ( modeled )  on something , ” we mean that was the example that was used . "
anything from taking out the rubbish to a romantic weekend away is likely to be looked on more favourably if broachedat the end of the working day . 
it ' s only natural to feel somewhat tired at some point during those long days . 
"i could see they were looking for the schedule , "
in november a consortium it led outmanoeuvred state - owned firms
"as youdawdleon your couch and start yourself being magnetized by their shows ,  you will have to see and read this list first ,  as to how much they have earned this year . "
experts say aging bus parts and accessories are easy to catch fire . 
"despite her influential position ,  she treats me intimately like my dear sister ! "
the best remedy against an ill man is much ground between . 
"tell me that ,  l´il settle for it . "
ctu techs are going to try and disarm the vest from offsite . 
"now ,  you will have noticed that vodka never smells of rotten eggs . "
numerical simulation of seismic wave propagation under complex near surface conditions . 
"some non  -  european languages were added by this strategy ,  such as hebrew and thai . "
a large address label was gummed to the package . 
we do not want it to rain cats and dogs . 
"when you have time ,  come and colour it . "
the problem of poverty is particularly acute in rural areas where one in three adults is unemployed . 
"is it possible to provide a first - class undergraduate education for  $ 6 , 700 a year rather than the  $ 25 , 900 charged by public research universities or the  $ 51 , 500 charged by their private peers ? "
the best way to change how you feel is to change how you think about what ' s bothering you . 
" ""  brutal ""  is a very subjective word . "
"make sure you put at least4 ,  fifty pound sandbags on each of the four legs holding your mount . "
"for that matter ,  if your turkish ,  french ,  italian or polish is strong enough that you can chat up clients in those languages ,  you ' re in demand ,  too .  no engineering ph .  d needed .  or ,  if you prefer stitching together strategic partnerships with big - company clients in chicago or new york ,  there ' s a job waiting for you .  in fact ,  multiple jobs . "
he was confered a medal to set forth his military exploits . 
" "" the arab revolutions have scrambled power dynamics and shattered security forces across the region ,  ""  she said . "
"online life .  so that is a vision ,  i think ,  that is possible . "
this girl was standing in the elevator . 
used to keep this alsatian that used to lick them . 
learning to energize people and get them on board a common vision is more empowering than trying to order people around . 
"you could manually create an array of the actual event names you want to support from these names ,  but that is unnecessary . "
"hey ,  sammy ,  it ' s not what it looks like . "
"swedish foreign minister and former prime minister ,  carl bildt ,  made a speech advocating . "
big and i are just trying to make our own rules . 
an oxidation  -  flocculation  -  filtration  -  reverse osmosis process is reviewed to treat secondary effluent in daqing refining  &  chemical company . 
"oh ,  well ,  good ,  then i ' ilil see you at the  "" todd ' s club ""  . "
your most important piece of equipment is your shield ! 
"you ' d like that ,  so your conscience won ' t gnaw at you anymore . "
"makes us feel superior ,  makes us feel in control ,  and sometimes ,  for some people ,  knowing some things makes them care . "
"the improved and applied research achievements with green characteristics about green propellants and explosives , related processing technologies ,  demilitarization recycle recover and reuse are summarized . "
the appointment of inga beale to run lloyds of london and of mary barra to run general motors marked an encouraging end to 2013 . 
"sooner or later ,  i ' il do something with myself and make my mark . "
the process of full accreditation could take several years . 
wine temperature is also a matter of individual taste . 
"despite spending equal times angling in open water areas and in areas with refuge ,  the researcher caught more fish in the areas with refuge  -  -  a habitat that appeals more to timid fish . "
don ' t make so much fuss over losing a pen . 
"the purse seine with hexagonal mesh was first tested  &  researched successfully in norway ,  it has been more currently used in several countries in the north europe in catching capelin ,  mackerel ,  herring , coalfish etc for over ten years . "
"goya worked with the scattered ,  disfigured ,  hacked ,  fragments of the visible . "
professor qiu xigui said of cai wei :  he is quite acute and he has already a certain amount of knowledge on ancient books .  even some experienced experts are not able to reach the level he is at now . 
"it could be a small piece of it .  it could even be ,  to trick you ,  maybe an ellipse in there or a triangle in there or something like that . "
"their choice is simple to state ,  if difficult to execute :  do they put sufficient economic and diplomatic pressure on putin ,  to convince him to pocket his own bailout - and let the west pick up the pieces ? "
"this technique can be effective for batch processing ,  though it requires application modifications and testing . "
"does the earth kind of rush towards the sun at night , "
wasn ' t that plan good enough for god ? 
i ' m talking about you and your boyfriend making a scene in my bar . 
it ' s estimated it ' ll be worth over 80 billion dollars . 
"for years general electric co .  has run some aviation - manufacturing facilities with no foremen or shop - floor bosses .  the industrial giant says it uses the system to boost productivity in low - volume factories with a relatively small number of employees ,  each of whom can do several tasks . "
the great news for all lovers of swimming and for those who are trying to transform their bodies – swimming is a super effective workout that will bring you astonishing results .  swimming helps strengthen your core and work different muscle groups . 
"during the two hours and a half of flight ,  kissinger had been discussing the details of the communiqu with premier zhou ,  nixon and rodges . "
"cute respiratory acidosis in dogs were induced by 8 % ～10 % co _ 2 breathing during 6hours , during acute respiratory acidosis in 6 hours ,  arterial pco _ 2 , plasma and cere - brospinal fluid  ( csf ) pco _ 2 rose respectively by about 5 . 0kpa , 4 .  0mmol / l and 5 . 8kpa in bothgroups  ( p > 0 . 05 )  . "
ms coleman and ms robb point out that part of this may be by design ;  women sometimes want to keep their businesses small in order to balance their family responsibilities . 
what can we do to prevent the disease spreading ? 
"yet winter holds an austere beauty ,  and the lack of visitors ,  other than furtive squirrels and feral cats ,  means that i can be alone with my thoughts during my frequent winter sojourns to the garden . "
"online tuition .  you can tutor fellow college students ,  high school students ,  elementary students ,  or even working adults in need of upgrading their skills .  your location does not matter ,  as you will conduct your tuition sessions via instant messaging ,  or video conferencing .  there are a number of free online communication tools that you can use .  you need to determine your expertise and how many hours you can devote to your tuition jobs every week . "
there is no great genius without a touch of madness . 
"regional police chief ,  malik naveed khan ,  tells voa that criminal gangs were behind the kidnapping and other incidents but ,  as he puts it ,  media blew them out of proportion . "
"miss challenged ,  sorry ,  but you gotta leave . "
can i talk to my parents ? 
"the son of the late libyan leader muammar gaddafi ,  saif al - islam ,  has said he wants to be put on trial in the hague ,  not in libya . "
i wanted to speak to my friend . 
determination of inorganic elements in ten kinds of animal materia medica
are you all settled in from the move ? 
the total amount of money bet on an event or over a set period of time . 
"southern beech ,  rimu and kahikatea  ( both tall conifers )  once covered more than 80 percent of new zealand ,  but the lowland forests are now less extensive . "
"directions :  read the abbreviations on the left ,  and rewrite the ads on the right after the given example . "
"now ,  how about a nice lion casserole ? "
so the wind is coming from the bottom .  this is slowed down 10 times . 
talking yourself down to a calmer or more positive place
"we took our tea together ;  and afterwards she lay down on the rug ,  and told me not to talk ,  for she was weary . "
"not because the injection or the pills do anything physically to the body , "
the shares have proved a hit with ordinary chinese investors . banking stocks are viewed as a safe bet and a good way of cashing in on china ' s phenomenal economic growth . 
"well ,  he who denied it ,  supplied it . "
"when you answer the phone ,  announce your name in an enthusiastic way and ,  throughout the interview ,  sound interested and energetic .  be succinct ,  give short answers and don ' t go on and on in a long winded fashion .  likewise don ' t swear or use colloquialisms or jargon ;  you might be tempted to ,  in order to seem cool or fashionable ,  but don ' t !  it would be a good idea to have glass of water nearby ,  in case your throat gets dry ,  but don ' t smoke ,  eat or chew gum .  speak slowly and clearly and take your time .  use the person ' s title ,  mr .  or mrs .  and their last name ,  regularly throughout the conversation .  also ,  use the company ' s name from time to time but don ' t address the interviewer by his or her first name unless asked to .  smile !  this will change the tone of your voice and project a positive image to the listener . "
"it is being represented by children since our middle school know how to live ,  learn to study ,  learn to conduct oneself . "
"former president jimmy carter says the united states has lost its moral authority under the bush administration .  but ,  in an interview with voa ,  he says that could be quickly restored by a president obama .   "" in his inaugural address ,  he could say ,   ' when i am president of the united states ,  we will never torture another prisoner ;  when i am president of the united states ;  we will never go to war against another country unless our security is directly threatened ;  when i am president of the united states ,  we will be champions of human rights all over the earth .  '  you see ,  in 10 minutes he could spell out for the world and for america ,  of course ,  the changes he could make ,  ""  mr .  carter said . "
"if it was a psychotropic compound ,  we ' d be feeling the residual side effects . "
"a case in point would be ,  carly fiorina ,  ceo of hp . "
his first job is at the water company . 
bifidobacteria are nonmotile .  anaerobic .  and ferment lactose and other sugars to acetic and acids . 
" "" it ' s low and it ' s bad ,  but it ' s not the end - of - the - world bad ,  ""  added bequette .   "" the industry just lightens their load and hopes for the best .  "" "
"in other words ,  if you ' ve screwed up electrical signals , "
happiness was highest among the youngest adults and those in their early seventies . 
do you ever open your heart while the shutter is open ? 
"the keystone to any marriage is one word :   "" we  ""  . "
i ' ve said it like a million times . 
arbour said the current food crisis stems from several factors including distortions in supply and demand and unfair trade policies . 
"in our trade ,  some years ago the jules verne anniversary gave an opportunity to bring into being several travelling exhibitions . "
"in the days that followed ,  both sides pulled back ,  leaving a demilitarized zone between them .  soldiers emptied their sandbags and tore down their bunkers .  our pows emerged from the camps .  our troops boarded ships and steamed back across the ocean .  and describing the moment he passed under the golden gate bridge ,  one of those soldiers wrote ,   "" we suddenly knew we had survived the war ,  and we were home .  "" "
in this paper we discuss several semi  -  homeomorphic equivalent theorems aad its application for semitopological space . 
"she was perfect at the social sport of coolly holding her own ,  and making other people defer to her . "
"they tell us about our world in a lot of different ways , "
"about wait 10  -  20 minutes until thoroughly dry bazoo from nose after concurrent hard below ,  this time you will start uncovered numerous blackhead were taken see come out . "
construction resolution of goalkeeper system in three - grade medical system in town
and this is where the magic happens . 
"compose novel ,  listen to music  ( any category )  to make friend ,  go shopping together with friend . "
"he does not carry a blinkered vision of history .  he does not suffer from the indian politician ' s curse of short - term ,  reactive decision - making . "
denouncing foreign support for the rebels as a breach of syrian sovereignty . 
"but ,  this cinched  -  in gold and black cocktail dress did its best to make up for it . "
what we found out of this is we didn ' t have the right books . 
"china ,  he says ,  could undermine u  . s .  interests through a kind of underground trade war using hard -  to  - detect measures that discriminate against american interests . "
"interestingly ,  the mayor even admits that his mastery of the english language isn ' t perfect yet he still thinks that ms cabrera should be banned from the city council position . "
do you pay sales tax when you buy something ? 
the briny water is not good for the growth of the trees . 
she mended the holes in the knees of his trousers . 
"have someone whom they consider a neighbor of another race , "
you ' re not going into a song while i’m here ! 
go home and get an ordinary job . 
and then ideo and acumen spent several weeks working with them
"hence the liking for scattered body parts in latex ,  wax ,  bronze or marble ,  and the odd assemblages ,  such as “nature study” of 1984 ,  where figures lacked heads but had multiple breasts ,  and phalluses ,  and claws . "
"decorated in classical style with mordern structure ,  the lobof the hotel is a easy access to restaurants ,  bars ,  sauna ,  tourism and night - cluwhich are conveniently located for the guest ' s rest and amusement . "
who ' d have thought your tastes were so provincial ? 
"not one to do things by halves  ( or should that be 284 ml ?  )  ,  what started as a simple database ended up as a complete framework for writing web  - based ,  database  -  backed applications in perl . "
"but when hunger is stronger than the fear of being shot ,  peasantrevoltstake place . "
all funds so collected will be used to further family planning . 
"at 6am every morning ,  roathy and hundreds of other children are given a shower and breakfast at a local charity centre ,  which is often the only meal of the day .  he then spends his day working ,  collecting cans and plastic his family sells on to a recycling company . "
make sure he gets my name right . 
"worse still ,  they will make sure that no one else gets a choice in the matter of improving the conditions of life on earth  -  unless ,  that is ,  others rise up and demand an alternative . "
steve ember :  our trip begins near the ocean today . 
"yes ,  it probably won ' t do you much use ,  and you ' ll probably still have to pay taxes ,  but still ,  people across the globe have been determined to be their own king . "
hmm just needs a little something more . 
"for example ,  a tattoo of body adjustment is designed to heal the wearer . "
"no amendment ,  cancellation and refund is allowed once documents are issued . "
i want to address something that you may be wondering about . 
"in allusion to the focusing problems in the present teaching of basic computer lessons ,  this article discusses the possibility how to liven up the teaching and to arouse the students '  interest of learning by applying the method "" situational teaching ""  so that the students can learn this subject well by independently under the guidance of the teachers . "
i haven ' t been up here in five years . 
"i don ' t want to sound conceited ,  but i think my new book might be a best - seller . "
earthquakes greater than magnitude 8 . 0 are rare and potentially devastating . 
i don ' t want to get thrown out . 
criticizing someone ' s messy desk is like telling someone they ' re dressed sloppily or have a dirty house .  ' 
father christmas is an old fat man with long and white beard and wears a red suit . 
that we see in the developed world right now  -  -  both sides of the atlantic  -  - 
"today ' s fashions ,  such as slinky stilettos ,  skin -  tighthipster jeans and cute hand - held purses ,  may look sharp but may not be all that great for your body . "
but it’s better not to let it happen in the first place . 
"on my best days ,  i managed to go out there and do two ,  ranging from five to twenty minutes . "
you spent eighty - five pounds on a couple of boots ? 
he said that rosa was a good ball player and her height would make her valuable as center . 
"if i post something on your wall ,  and then i decide to close my account ,  what happens to that wall post ? "
"while there are conflicting accounts of who is to blame ,  the paperwork is breathtakingly straightforward . "
and did you see the guys coming ? 
" ' akb as a whole is something that is born out of a male way of thinking ,  '  says the magazine ' s creative director ,  sayumi gunji .  but while women may not be convinced by the group as a collective ,  she says ,   ' this or that member is popular '  with girls looking for stars '  fashion tips . "
"their methods ,  if they prove to work for other cancers too ,  may revolutionise treatment . "
as you ’ll have figured out a patch doesn’t just go straight into the kernel upon being put forth as a must  - have bug fix or new feature . 
"what have you been eating ,  woodchuck turds ? "
"premises of moral choice come into being in the social practice of human beings ,  while social practice provides the subjective and objective preconditions of moral , and this choice is the unity of freedom and necessity . "
i don ' t even know what you just said . 
"use two slip doors ,  can develop give deep the 1 . 5 rice ,  bathhouse that grow 4 . 5 meters ,  make have a dream that enters type cloakroom to become reality in the bedroom . "
we have much to talk about .  .  .  and have the rest of our lives to do it
these technologies involve congestion control and avoidance、 queue management and rtp protocol . 
those with asymmetrical faces tended to be less healthy and more likely to have experienced deprived childhoods . 
two feature films and a handful of short films . 
"it was a trailer ,  not a building . "
i know .  .  .  but sometimes you ' ve just got to let him think that he ' s the boss . 
unable to import job since there is already a multi  -  server job with this name . 
but that ' s when i figured it out .  you ' re the problem . 
"so here in astronomy ,  you have this vast explosion"
"they’ve decided to pursue master’s degrees in beijing together ,  which will finally bring an end to their three - year long - distance relationship and mark the beginning of a closer one . "
the phenomenon can be observed among famous figures such as the world champion sprinter usain bolt or the 18th century poet william wordsworth . 
paul led a dog ' s life until his aunt died and left him some money . 
"now ,  you ' il have to do whatever i tell you . "
i was lucky enough that my father was a fantastic cook . 
"and you can see here ,  we have the structure of the heart valve"
building up the feelings of being grateful is the emotional foundation cultivating the moral faith of juveniles ; 
you can ' t cheat death no matter how many 19 year olds you talk into your bed . 
"but to sum up ,  it ' s clear that the biblical patriarchs and matriarchs are not strict yahwists ,  as we will come to understand that term . "
"okay ,  everybody gather around the back of the car ! "
"the port of pemba is located in the province of cabo delgado ,  the third largest bay in the world ,  but ,  despite its deep water and its strategic location it continues to be merely a regional port . "
"so when our hands or feet are out of sight ,  we still know pretty much where they are and what they look like . "
i wanted you to know the man he was . 
there are some… there are certain churches… … the calls dead churches… … where people feel . 
he makes this sacrifice so that one day he can send his two children to university and they can share in china ' s new prosperity . 
"at present ,  it is necessary to make lawyers participate into governmental affairs to deliberate over politics affairs . "
"the catchphrase of the speech was the word “people” ,  which was repeated 136 times .  this highlighted the principle of “putting people first” . "
"however ,  they also have more arguments and are more likely to report that their partners annoy them . "
but we refuse to believe that the bank of justice is bankrupt . 
"ten million dollars ,  your account ,  the moment this meeting is through . "
"yeah ,  tell me something i don ' t know . "
"it now goes at 125 feet a day ,  dumping all this ice into the ocean . "
"see ,  if i was god ,  i would create people without the hole to begin with . "
and asked us if we wouldn ' t help to design
"with a boss who was forever looking over her shoulder ,  the need for an app to keep her mentally fit was zero . "
"li :  i have to say that chinese enterprises are rising very quickly now ,  but they have a long way to go .  the two types of companies have very different working styles and cultures .  instead of thinking only about pay and stability ,  you have to compare them in all possible ways .  then decide which better suits your values and your personality . "
"what if karen comes back ,  and then we ' re still sitting here ? "
"the whole atmosphere there was killing me :  it was inappropriate to take a picture of the dishes ,  which i like to do .  and most of the time ,  i had to  "" behave ""  . "
"music has the charm to soothe a savage breast ,  but not the unmusical one . "
"and that was an assumption that underpinned the war on terror ,  too . "
enlargement of the adenoids is common in children because of their developing immune systems . 
"educated girls are also at lower risk of violence ,  abuse and diseases like h . i . v .  / aids . "
the design method of the key components of new jet type down  -  hole supercharger is analyzed . 
"along similar lines ,  there ' s no reason to begin criticisms with  "" i ' m sorry ,  but … .  ""  if you ' re having a disagreement with a co - worker or a problem with a subordinate ,  simply state the issue .   "" i ' m sorry ,  but this report isn ' t what i was looking for ""  doesn ' t soften the blow — and it again turns the situation around on you .  be direct and put the responsibility back where it belongs :   "" this report doesn ' t cover what we had previously discussed — can you revise it ?  ""  even something as small as ,   "" i ' m sorry ,  but could you clean your spaghetti splatter out of the microwave ?  ""  sounds better without the prefacing apology . "
that ' s my dad in the sport coat there holding the briefcase . 
"pasha ,  you must go to a hospital . "
"elephants can literally smell danger ,  according to a recent study that shows the animals can sniff out whether humans are friends or foes . "
he based this statement on his reviews of past research and writings . 
you got what you wanted from her . 
"environmental ,  non  -  poison ,  non  -  flammable ,  endurable to aging ,  climate ,  chemicals . "
"to me ,  this idea agreed with the age  -  old notion that we as humans have great potential . "
"i ' m feeling on top of the world now ,  because i have got a new job . "
the gnome started shaking his hips back and forth and smacking the air like he was spanking some girl ' s butt on the dance floor . 
the syriza group led by alexis tsipras wants to put together a cabinet that would reject theausterity measuresimposed as part of greece ' sbailout deal . 
"in 2008 finibanco angola opened and angolan - owned quantum capital bank is due to open soon ,  as is standard bank angola . "
the place looks like a war zone . 
"takayuki fujii ,  a beijing - based honda spokesman ,  said the tokyo auto maker is ' trying its best to resolve the situation and resume operations '  at its china factories ,  noting that local government officials in foshan ,  a city near the southern city of guangzhou where the transmission factory is located ,  have stepped in in an effort to broker a resolution . "
she is so independent that she refused all pecuniary aid . 
this is the price of a phone call to india per minute . 
a few of the letters are missing . 
to go literally to the ends of the earth
"ma is keen to meet xi before his second and final term runs out in 2016 ,  as he has long hoped his presidential legacy will be closer cross - strait relations . "
after this alliance the two countries are like one
if we all started sharing our lists out loud . 
we eventually wound up  ( staying )  in a super little hotel by the sea . 
but one time shot and we ' ve got basically the history of printed literature online . 
"but these improvements demanded massive retooling and capital expenditures ,  and were not universally applicable . "
"yet one still finds anachronistic and peculiar accounts of  "" gnosticism ""  by eric voegelin and his followers that routinely claim  "" gnosis ""  as the origin of modern totalitarianism . "
"car horns ,  subways ,  women fighting in bloomingdale ' s . "
"hey ,  boogie boogie ,  my brain is an antelope . "
"wecome to houston ,  home of the oilers . "
"don ' t worry ,  we ' il be in touch soon . "
"because of the discommodious traffic and the asperity of environment ,  few research on architecture had been taken . "
but women who apply for asylum will still face significant obstacles . 
laura middleton is a researcher at the sunnybrook research institute and the university of waterloo in canada . 
victoria harbor is the site of the magnificent fireworks display on the second day of the spring fest . 
helium has the lowest boiling point of any element  -  -  4  . 2
and part of the work that i hope for
instead of one woman taking nine months to have a baby .  .  .  they ' re gonna put nine women to work on it .  .  .  and do it in one month . 
" "" people are still sorting through what does it means to share ,  who is the audience you are sharing with ,  what do those audiences want and how do they feel about things ?  ""  said dr genevieve bell ,  the director of user interaction and experience at intel labs . "
"his thoughts were for those that he loved ,  preparing them . "
"the problem is ,  i report to someone who is a classic example of the peter principle -  -  he ' s been promoted beyond his ability -  -  and he ' s making mistakes that are costing the company money and starting to damage our whole team ' s reputation with higher - ups and customers .  he also has no sense of boundaries and emails or texts me at all hours of the day and night ,  and on weekends ,  over and over again ,  to ask about things that are not urgent at all .  do you have any suggestions for me ?  -  - counting the hours"
whereas the object on the right is obsolete after five years . 
what do you see happening in albanian literature today ? 
"if the moderate end of the legal community has its way ,  the information on products might actually be provided for the benefit of customers and not as protection against legal liability . "
but as soon as nine - year - old arisxandra libantino was told to sing – she could have rivalled whitney houston or diana ross . 
hundreds of people are missing after a landslide in the northeast of afghanistan .  that is according to a provincial government spokesman who ' s been speaking to the bbc . 
been watching us since we got here . 
"if you ' ve ever wanted to ask out a guy ,  or you ever do in the future ,  here are six reasons you should go for it . "
"worse still ,  it isn’t certain that all carbon offset schemes actually mop up the carbon dioxide they claim to . "
"but the problem quickly to the many good works we have summed up the colour combination of design ,  through the use of after we changed ,  not a god child ,  this is why ? "
"now ,  i got to get my ass street - side ,  sugar . "
"the style of the chinese women ' s volleyball team in a competition is indomitable ,  bold and vigorous . "
"construction of using this product can hold ten to one advantage of different format ,  such as the superior effect of silk like silk ,  printed with hundreds of patterns for customers to choose . "
"overall ,  if you looked at all the arteries in all the patients , "
there ' s gotta bea road around here or something . 
"her former name was fay wray ,  and so that was  -  - "
don ' t you hate that at an event like this ? 
such modifications may require corresponding changes to be made in vendor ' s service . 
it ' s not just that it was resurrected .  it ' s continued all along . 
"president mugabe ' s deputy information minister ,  bright matonga ,  says if president mugabe does not win a clear majority of 50 percent plus one vote ,  he will take part in a run - off election as demanded by law . "
paula meronek was arraigned on a misdemeanor assault charge after police said she bit her boyfriend during a domestic dispute . 
"the reason is that their motion is relative ,  and relativity ,  as we have seen ,  means that we have a choice . "
"according to mozambican news agency aim ,  the tourist authorities initially estimated a rise from the current 18 , 000 beds to 20 , 000 ,  but abacar said that that number could rise to 25 , 000 ,  as seme people will open up their houses to tourists . "
the two village restoration project to be successful acceptance and acclaim . 
it was backward looking when we need to be forward looking . 
"manipulating the plastic ,  cutting it ,  because it behaves different . "
what the fuck did they do ?  beam up to the mother ship ? 
they could beat the pants off ranger danger any day . 
"like all good free - trade agreements ,  the tpp will naturally contain plenty of protectionism and pandering to special interests . "
the party did not measure up to their expectations . 
"the connector is mainly used for connecting in mechanical gearing ,  which belongs to the dynamic gearing . "
"this could be one of the key components to china ' s swimming success in the london olympics swimmers such as sun yang and ye shiwen emerged as gold - medalists after both training in australia .  sun yang was coached by mr .  cotterell ,  who specializes in long - distance events ,  and ye shiwen by ken wood ,  a brisbane - based swim coach whose resume include many olympic medal winners . "
"for in the case of many who had unclean spirits ,  they were coming out of them shouting with a loud voice ;  and many who had been paralyzed and lame were healed . "
rich husbands would even put their wife ' s shoes on display to show off to the world how minute their loved ones ’ feet were . 
give the other person the idea it ' s their turn to talk . 
"owing to this instability of feeling and volition ,  they stumble along ,  crippled in will and thought ,  and tottering from one side of the road to the other . "
"the industrial age was in full swing ,  mass production made prices fall to all time lows . "
"he said ,   "" and who are these handsome young men with you ?  "" "
distinctive features閻楀湱鍋oldiers often have distinctive insignias on their lapels . 
said they would hide a miscarriage from their spouse . 
"each underlined phrase ,  when clicked ,  provides a drop - down menu with a list of selectable options . "
the four  -  point drop in iqs linked to the air pollutants in new york city and krakow is fairly subtle ; 
"nobody cares ,  so just be gay already ! "
some of these incredible perceptions about how the universe works . 
and it was a perfect drug .  you could sell for  -  - 
"the boy king ' s death more than 3 , 000 years ago remains the subject of dispute among historians ,  with some believing he died when a leg injury turned gangrenous ,  and others saying he was murdered by a blow to the head . "
"so in this paper the advantage and disadvantage of the present multicast resolutions has been analyzed ,  which is based on the mechanism of bgp / mpls vpn and ip multicast was deeply researched . "
i had the fortune to live and work for a time in the united states . 
and then we looked at these kinds of bridges
doctors prepare for the reproductive sterilization of a young person . 
i checked the odometer .  he was right .  four miles exactly .  i could have sworn it was 20 . 
initial planning errors were compounded by carelessness in carrying the plan out . 
"this center looks like the death star and consists of a spherical glass and steel nest and a very long ,  low building raised off the ground . "
that ' s right :  stand in front of the mirror and acknowledge your abilities and accomplishments to your reflection . 
"know your wife ,  mary ,  your kids ,  leanne and dolly . "
gm was too big to join up with anybody else . 
they also differ in their intensity .  bob doughty :  the disease is named after james parkinson . 
"the radial nerve supplies the triceps  ( and arconeus )  with fibers derived primarily from c 6 ,  7 and c 8 . "
the coastal guard kept a watchful eye on the black spot that had appeared out at sea . 
"now here at ted ,  over the last couple of days , "
"julia ,  this is your friend ,  mr .  ryder ? "
i believe i ' m supposed to be read my miranda rights . 
i don ' t want you losing your place in line . 
"old behmnan ,  with his red eyes plainly steaming ,  shouted his contempt and derision for such idiotic imaginings . "
maybe i don ` t see it that way . 
he is our absolver in chief .  he forgives us for the sins we have committed and those we may yet commit . 
"cary cooper ,  professor of health psychology at lancaster university ,  said it appeared that people were taking their work troubles home with them . "
"let ' s go check in on kenny ,  huh ? "
strange how those trucks are parked .  just room for 1 car ! 
"in other business news ,  u . s .  antitrust regulators have approved bank of america ' s  $ 35 billion purchase of merrill lynch .  the deal combines the largest u . s .  bank by deposits with the world ' s largest brokerage .  the acquisition must still be approved by the u . s .  central bank ,  the federal reserve . "
brute force was used to put down the revolt . 
"the study also found one in five like to guess what country other women are from ,  43 per cent like to check out their swimwear and one in twenty like to critique their tans . "
and what good would it do to do an interview now ? 
it would be worse than beating an anvil with a sledge hammer . 
moocs are usually open to anyone and can have thousands of students around the world . 
good thing that we french have such a highly developed sense of humor . 
"as long as single empty sits can be maintained or created continuously ,  0 won ' t be adsorbed furthermore ,  accordingly the poisoning of o can be prevented .  the o -  diffusion acts as this role . "
the blotched and sagging face twisted grotesquely into the grimace of extreme grief . 
"during fermentation ,  the juice boils as the sugars are slowly converted into alcohol and carbon dioxide . "
"btw ,  all entries on this blog will be deleted on this jul . "
"yesterday morning ,  i passed some blackish green stool .  and during the night ,  i passed black stool . "
"deunan ,  yoshitsune - kun is the best mechanic in olympus . "
this is much better .  –not gonna happen .  –all i ' m saying is we could meet tomorrow
but rather give you a tool to create your own . 
"until just a few days or hours before the talk , "
"this stuff was supposed to only be feed for animals in the united states , "
"of course ,  it should all be knocked back with a cup of tea ,  but black pudding is optional as far as i ’m concerned . "
"including five aspects to analyze the legal forces of natural obligation ,  they are the forces to claim ,  to enforce ,  to realize by oneself ,  to dispose ,  and to keep . "
"the iphone ,  to everyone but an apple lover ,  is merely a girlie gadget with all the technological sophistication of a 1980s barbie . "
"i mean ,  can ' t we live with it ? "
so when we meet in my philosophy class in his prison
now they run ashelter out at great salt lake city . 
"oh ,  to see them sitting there at lunch together ,  laughing ,  chatting ,  making game of me !  i coudn '  t bear it any longer . "
i figure she was onthe eighth hole when i paged her . 
the apes .  .  .  are marching on your city . 
"even when we streamline our test cases to only those that  "" should pass ,  ""  we can fall into this trap . "
"and then just when he had given up ,  i broke up with my boyfriend ,  and there he was . "
and it failed to keep a promise to make photos and videos on deactivated and deleted accounts inaccessible . 
"now in the dark years that followed ,  i had to work out what remained for me"
"an array is used in the example ,  but this information might load from a database . "
the roxburgh rose tea goodgood smell and good taste and is ideal health beverage . 
to get something 100 meters down to a few meters . 
and the cause of the backwardness of the region is multi  -  faceted . 
gamers are virtuosos at weaving a tight social fabric . 
"the factory dyes more than 110 , 000 kilograms of yarn every week in many different colors . "
the building we ' re in now is the administration building . 
"that same area is used to push off the ground ,  generally wearing down this area of the shoe much quicker . "
"mr moore was the only one to be released alive ,  and this latest announcement puts an end to speculation about the fate of mr mcmenemy . "
be honest when you don ' t know what you ' re talking about . 
"in these therapies ,  patients might talk with a therapist about the past . "
"they included hematomas in abdominal incision in 9 cases ,  breakdown of fascia lata stripe transplanted in 2 ,  looseness of the muscle transfered in 18 ,  restriction of knee flexion in 8 ,  and infection 2 ,  the causes of the complications were analyzed artd the managements were discussed in detail . "
which makes this engine the ideal part for the steam launches victoria and borkum . 
"glasses jiu ,  why can you have the thing with eye belt ? "
"the measure made it possible to re - establish relations with the international monetary fund ( imf )  ,  which included guinea bissau in its programme for emergency post - conflict assistance ,  which allowed the country to immediately obtain aid worth us $ 2 . 8 million ,  with a further us $ 2 . 8 million yet to come . "
this is still at the metropolitan museum now for sale . 
to share with you a message that we have learned
"so now i ' m in front of one of my favorite paintings , "
then we ' il all get along fi ne . 
"for america and its allies ,  hammer industries is reporting for .  .  . "
and you know what the best thing is ? 
"and people would look at him with a blank look ,  and they would say , "
and the empty chair is that person and the spatiality is crucial . 
you will discover that a question has been raised
general aye is to arrive in india april 4 on a three -  day visit . 
"selection of dermal penetrating promoter for ciprofloxacinhydrochloride  ( cpf )  ,  preparation of dermal penetrating dosage form ,  stability test of the dosage form ,  and the treament against yellow and white diarrhoea in piglets was carried out . "
lawyer liu haobin said employees should know who to turn to when their rights are impinged . 
and i ' m going to spend the next few minutes trying to convince you
this bullfighting  -  themed entry  -  like ther first two  -  is by royo comunicacion . 
"under so - called agency sales agreements with many top publishers ,  e -  bookstores keep about 30 %  of the sale price of e - books . "
the building plans include much needed new office accommodation . 
" ( 1 ) error between drafting models and experimental data is presented only 8 . 21 %  ,  and disparity 1 .  14min through analyses of data and draft theory .   ( 2 ) to the little injection velocity 25ml / min ,  little infection to dissociation of natural gas hydrates happens for temperature ;  maximal error of experimental values shows 13 .  71 %  and nearly overlaps on the curve drafted . "
there ' s a young man i ' d like you to adopt . 
"family planning authorities confirmed on monday that film director zhang yimou fathered three children out of wedlock ,  ending months of speculation that he had fathered as many as seven children by various mothers . "
"in some hybrids ,  though ,  the electric motor is used to slow down the car ,  at which time it also acts as a generator so it can divert some of that energy back to the batteries . "
"many were wearing men or boys '  clothing ,  or even that of old women . "
"i went down to washington .  i saw these guys ,  and said , "
you ' ll see that what we commonly want to do  -  - 
"because stochastic user equilibrium with elastic demand is used to characterize the travelers '  route choice behaviors before and after incidents ( e . g .  , earthquakes , floods , hurricanes , etc .  )  , the link choice probabilities can be computed in an efficient link - based manner , and the critical links can be easily determined . "
"don ' t listen to him ,  he ' s got a gun . "
every single thing that has ever happened in your life is preparing you for a moment that is yet to come . 
"lau attended a premieregetword  (  "" premiere ""  )  ;  for documentarygetword  (  "" documentary ""  )  ;   "" my voice ,  my life ""  in hong kong on sept 12 and took the opportunity to set the record straight . "
"i used to long to be normal but ,  because i tend to break things down ,  my sense of self was thousands of fragments of memories that i was trying to piece together . "
"we have several new things on the website ,  including our esl podcast store ,  which contains additional premium courses that we think you ' ll be interested in . "
"in case of theft ,   "" users in china whose virtual property is stolen can report it to the internet department of the local public security bureaus ,  ""  says tencent ' s mao xiaofang .   "" we can cooperate with officials and offer technical support .  "" "
"i ' ve convinced you that ,  one ,  we do in fact"
all you owe any person in the world is love and love is wishing for everyone what you wish for yourself — health happiness and all the blessings of life . 
"but in the first version of the game he remains ahead if he does not retaliate ,  in the second he comes out equal ,  and in the third he ends up behind . "
i understand the timing and financial implications of long and short product cycles and their commensurate financial risk . 
" "" in other words ,  how can we assure ourselves that there won ' t be more exports of nuclear material or equipment ,  there will not be a secret uranium enrichment facility somewhere ,  or a secret reactor ?  ""  he asked .   "" what sort of access will be granted ,  and to whom ?  is the iaea to be the executive agency ,  the international atomic energy agency ,  or is there to be some sort of ad hoc regime ?  "" "
"the architecture of the ties ,  was changing across time . "
they probably know who we are already . 
"imagination is more important than knowledge  .  ( albert einstein  ,  american scientist ) "
"the political climate in the u . s .  at the time was tense , "
the golden rule in tennis is to keep your eye on the ball . 
so we ' ve created formulations for all around the world
"if the us were to have a serious arms race with china ,  we could forget about medicare ,  social security and most of what our federal government spends money on . "
"silk sericin -  manganese  ( ⅱ )  ( ss - mn ( ⅱ ) complex has been synthesized . the catalyt - ic activity of ss - mn ( ⅱ ) complex on the oxidation of 3 , 4 - dihydroxyphenylalanine ( dopa ) was stud - ied .  the oxidation rate of dopa catalyzed by ss mn ( ⅱ ) complex was determined by oxygen - con - sumption methed . "
"and see jerry hall replicated down to the color of her eyes , "
this is a shot in one of the biggest squares in guangdong  -  - 
the american individual and family is in a state of competition with other individuals and families for success and achievement . 
now what has happened since 1962 ?  we want to see the change . 
"there are traditional characters that dress up in customs depicting african animals ,  such as lions and mystical beasts ,  dragon . "
"well ,  i ' m not sure if that ' s the right conclusion ;  you can decide for yourself what it means if you ride a bicycle . "
wrap his / her circus or i will go there and i will put an end to you . 
that a german magazine called the philosopher of the 21st century  -  - 
"“they all talk a wonderful talk , ” she says ,  “but the forest keeps getting destroyed . ”"
"the reason is because in the first month of a baby ' s life , "
"now ,  stop quietlywhere you are ,  will you ? "
many of you know influential people abroad . 
is it possible that skeletal muscle doesn ' t express this type of molecules ? 
"in the case of the stone axe ,  the man who made it knew how to make it . "
"one of turan ' s complaints :   "" all that money also allowed spendthrift spider  - man 3 to acquire too many villains ""  including an egomaniacal spider  - man alter ego himself . "
" "" the cause of sporadic goitre ,  which occurs in areas where iodine intake is more than adequate ,  remains a mystery .  an enlarged thyroid may have normally functioning tissue or may produce too much hormone  ( hyperthyroidism )  .  "" "
"a couple of years ago ,  we had 1 , 750 people all together"
how dare you ran away like your mom ? 
"post - hypnosis .  you ' re given a sign while hypnotized .  when the hypnotized person is given the sign ,  they suddenly act as suggested .  the three deaths have something in common . "
"carlos says that all of these investments are for the long haul ,  of course .  the“long haul” (  haul )  means for the long - term ,  over the long period of time ,  not immediately .  if someone says , “we’re here for the long haul , ”they mean we are here for a long time；we’re not going to worry about what happens in the next year or two years ;  we are worried about or we are concerned about only what happens after many years .  another word for“long haul”is“long run”。the economist john maynard keynes once said , “in the long run ,  we’re all dead , ”meaning if you worry too much about only what happens after many years ,  you may not be alive !  carlos says that he has his investments ,  and they are for the long haul . "
the edinburgh university student says jared takes it all in his stride . 
"so ,  with that ,  in turn ,  20 million dollars today does this ; "
does your due date coincide with a major project deadline ? 
the ancient patriotic chinese poet qu yuan  ( 340 - 278 bc )  once wrote that chinese cuisine was so delicious it could tempt a soul to return from the dead . 
"finally ,  he came to the light ,  brownish sauce .   "" sichuan chefs use a bean sauce ,  but we use a sweet sauce ,  and that ' s a big difference ,  ""  mr .  wang said . "
how many of you have ever spilled coffee on a keyboard ? 
"money may not buy you happiness ,  but having a happy childhood can make you lots of money . "
"so the choice of answers were :  very good ,  good ,  bad and very bad . "
"got hit halfway up ,  fell back on the landing . "
"if a cabinet slams shut it wouldn ' t make a loud noise , "
"this access to information ,  coupled with the lack of offices ,  created a flat structure where any idea could win the day . "
"so ,  i don ' t really have time to talk about those things , "
"a method for analysis of thiophene  -  2 , 5  -  dicarboxylic acid by ion pair reversed  -  phase hplc was described . "
"because i was new to the city ,  i didn ' t have access to a stage , "
"it ' s not a question of enough ,  pal . "
i sat on the airplane today right in front of a dad and his 6 year old son .   the dad was reading to his son and had the kid laughing and totally engaged in the stories .   what a great sight to see a father so involved with his young son ! 
 #  and a prince she ' s hoping comes with this
"so ,  recombining dna was simply the next logical step . "
"now sporting an air  -  cooled ,  330 four  - stroke engine ,  the trailblazer is packed with plenty of features ,  including automatic transmission . "
"bagrit dismissed the idea that computers would learn to ' think '  for themselves and would ' rule the world '  ,  which people liked to believe in those days . "
"and it ' s really ,  really a great product ,  and really taking off . "
"this alarm clock makes you think ,  at least a little ,  before your alarm will turn off . "
the train makes a run of one hundred miles in two hours . 
any driver that can ' t get out of the car in five seconds can ' t run . 
"one group ate food with 0 . 3 parts per ­ million  ( ppm )  methylmercury ,  which most u  . s .  states would regard as too high for human consumption . "
"weaker demand for diesel and other oil products produced by shandong’s independent refineries was one of the factors driving a 19 . 5 per cent drop in china’s fuel oil imports in the first quarter ,  barclay’s analyst sijin cheng wrote on thursday ,  indicating broader stresses on shandong - based firms like chenxi . "
"2 .  laugh .  hmmmm ,  this is a tricky one .  laugh … because it feels awesome !  it spreads good vibes everywhere and it promotes loads of yummy sensations and vibrations throughout the body .  yeah ! "
there has been a jump in the price of food . 
"she says ,   "" and it ' s been 50 years since i rode a bicycle .  "" "
"it ' s a long night here in front of the television at this upscale ethiopian home .  half a dozen anxious viewers drift in and out ,  trying to control the nervous energy .  it ' s well after midnight ,  but the tv screen shows long lines of voters standing in the rain waiting for their turn in the voting booth .  tv commentators kill time until the first polls close . "
"look ,  i ' m sorry ,  sir ,  but we can ' t give you a ride . "
he ' s what we call a disinformation agent . 
"the council members acknowledged the international peace plan for syria was under strain  ,  but they insisted there was no alternative  . "
"excuse me ,  could you give this to that guy over there ? "
it is probable that the indian had some of the fearful glimpses of the unknown state . 
the world ' s biggest auto maker hopes a newly redesigned entry - level compact it is rolling out at the shanghai international auto show will help the company get its zip back in the world ' s biggest auto market but one it has struggled to understand . 
and they were literally afraid to open their mail
"now the thing is ,  i would like to put it to you"
we began to pant before we reached the top of hill . 
so how much is left of the belief that these reforms durably strengthened the uk economy ? 
"okay ,  i give you  $  100 of my own money if you find this guy and i bring it to know it . "
" "" and certain main roads are already blown up to prevent the german advances .  "" "
and some of you obviously know how to do that spontaneously
you ' re related to one of the mayors . 
"and yet ,  what behavioral economics shows time after time after time"
she found knitting a comfortable employment in her idle hours . 
so not the habitual architecture that instills in us
" ' behold ,  .  .  .   .  . waters shall rise up out of the northand be an overflowing flood ,  .  .  .   .  . and all the inhabitantsof the land shall howl .  ""  ' "
"even the federal reserve ' s next interest rate decision due on wednesday ,  when it is expected to leave rates unchanged ,  will take a back seat to any unexpected announcements out of wall street . "
this positive export performance led the brazilian government to once again raise its forecast for exports in 2008 to us $ 200 billion from us $ 190 billion previously . 
"so ,  i really havemixed feelings about this . "
he was a deserter . once he ran from the field of battle . 
"china expert orville schell said the country ' s savings may come as a surprise to outsiders .   "" they see this exuberant consumer culture and this explosion of shopping malls and this expression of consumerism that even puts the western countries to shame ,  ""  he said . "
" "" next winter will be the final chance ,   "" said hashem hilead shehi ,  a 73  -  year  -  old farmer who lives in a bone - dry village west of the marshes . "
"when the mother takes the kid ,  it ' s called parenting . "
air freshener .  and is that lipstick on your cheek and neck ? 
you can define a variable in one test to capture and store test data and then reference the test variable in a second test . 
"while i certainly plan to continue to travel after i retire ,  i also realize i am notguaranteedold age . "
"some 71 per cent of us claim we ' ve read classics in an attempt to seem more cultured ,  according to a study by lindeman ' s wine and book club . "
"the problems can be observed to help young anesthetist better application of the tube ,  and has good generalization value . "
"they think they ' re your friend ,  but they ' re not . "
cantor fitzgerald ' s ceo howard lutnick survived the attacks because he was out of the office that day .  but his brother died . 
it ' s easy for the rest of us topresumethat beautiful people - especially female models - are happy . 
this space neighborhood looks kind of sketchy . 
aac was significantly correlated to rva profiles characteristics and most eating quality indexes . 
that ' s gonna make a great mugshot . 
"and they shared that with a larger audience ,  accelerating the process . "
and be able to sort of duck and dive
"i use couchsurfing .  org and meetup .  com to find language partners and language meetups ,  no matter where i live .  check out benny ' s article to learn about finding language partners through couchsurfing . "
"you feel lonely not when no one cares about you ,  but when someone you expect to care doesn ' t care about you at all . "
" #  you made a believer ,  out of me  # "
"here ,  too ,  chinese caution suggests a modest revaluation is most likely . "
"spousal support is often something that the legal system  -  the court  -  decides ,  especially if there are children . "
epidemiology is the science of how we know in the real world
"even now ,  the united states wind energy industry is by no means an all -  american business . "
smite the loins of those who rise up against him ;  strike his foes till they rise no more . 
"colonel ,  every dog licks his own dick . "
can bring peace and prosperity to this forsaken planet . 
"you don ' t really have to agree on everything all the time , "
you just have somebody off on the side with a hubcap ready to go . 
a senior iranian mp says the country’s oil and gas revenues have suffered sharp falls . 
"maputo ,  mozambique ,  14 sept–the bank of mozambique is set to open new branches in five cities in the north of the east african country in order to contribute to the banking level of the economy ,  said the state - owned bank ' s director . "
great .  cool .  so i was really interested in quantity . 
"are not well understood .  for example ,  why is it that in the pacific , "
"i need new rules ,  higher standards ,  now . "
mayor chen yi said he ' d giving it to you as a permanent site for the youth center of your china welfare fund . 
"but once you ' ve thought of them ,  it ' s kind of easy to understand it . "
pharmacodynamic study showed that bidou guanzhuye ( bdy ) can dilate the arterioles and venules of mesentery in rats .  there was significfant difference as compared with the control group  ( p < 0 . 01～0 . 05 ) and compared before and after treatment  ( p < 0 . 01 )  . 
"all of this has put upward pressure on the currency ,  fulfilling the carry - traders '  designs and inspiring others to emulate them . "
"within even the white culture ,  there was a mill culture and an affluent culture . "
"um ,  i can help with the bags ? "
"empty paddle boats await rowers at the main cave entrance at puerto princesa subterranean river national park in the philippines ,  which also made the new list of seven wonders of the natural world . "
that we had told the security guard that we had put on her . 
"my cousin , midnight ,  was the boss up there . "
"yeah ,  i hope that ' s how it works . "
"in the same period ,  exports and imports rose 26 . 6 percent and 41 . 1 percent ,  respectively . "
started off when the causes in the wars du jour in the  ' 70s
"i grew up in the country in the rural south , "
"and getting the idea of different kind of drives ,  things like that . "
the final product color and size in order to prevail in kind  ( generally non  -  discriminatory )  . 
"when supply modulation and contour modulation are working in concert ,  the dynamic range and efficiency of the power amplifier can be further improved . "
and then the meeting ended .  we said goodbye to all these guys . 
"and sometimes i ' m puzzled ,  and i ask myself why . "
"another ,  smaller study examined more than twenty - five migraine sufferers before ,  during ,  and after working out on stationary bikes . "
"first off ,  i ' m not cheating on my fiancée . "
"every sunday night at 11 ,  my boyfriend and i have a standing date to talk about the latest episode of breaking bad . "
i think one of the problems about school mathematics
"build one nobody knows about ,  he can drive it to chechnya in his beemer . "
"it will greatly affect the operation and development of market economy or destroy the cause of the party and the people as well to introduce modern advanced administrative patterns and means with emphasis on material facilities , administrative forms and means but in disregard of the modernization of administrators '  idea and quality . "
"and so the theorist guys say ,  well ,  i think this is what ' s going on , "
"since the first edition in 2005 ,  the initiative has brought together over 2 , 000 companies from china and the portuguese - speaking countries and held 1 , 300 business contact meetings as well as the signing of 60 contracts ,  protocols or letters of intent in sectors such as health ,  technology ,  construction ,  tourism ,  conventions and expositions and real estate . "
i will let you become chief martial arts
"ca :  so just tell us ,  very quickly in the last minute ,  the story : "
"i mean ,  i can ' t go with you . "
and aunt klara will take you to in theater and fireworks . 
"and you ' ll see in a second there ,  he comes back down to the floor . "
"it was one of the worst feelings of my life , "
i just got offthe phone with hank cole . 
"but with a welcome like that ,  it ' s not all that shocking . "
he must be really happy he ' s going home . 
"sosuke ,  time to go ,  say goodbye to everyone . "
"prime minister fukuda wants a 50 percent reduction in greenhouse gases by 2050 .  white house officials say that is a worthy goal ,  but they are focused more on each nation setting its own mid - term targets . "
"at the age of thirty ,  mary began to lose colour . "
"president bush has chosen a cuban - born business executive to be his new secretary of commerce .  carlos gutierrez made his name in corporate america as head of the kellogg company ,  a michigan - based manufacturer of breakfast cereals and snacks that has factories in 19 countries ,  and sells its products around the world . "
" "" well ,  the government wouldn ' t have told us  [ to ]  use them"
"someone has expertise and knowledge ,  and knows how to do things , "
"and so ,  india had to go and play the t20 world cup ,  you see . "
"i just don ' t want to keep coming back here for it ,  okay ? "
"so for the next couple years ,  a good recipe for startups will be to look around you for things that people haven ' t realized yet can be made unnecessary by a tablet app . "
"to ,  you give his money ,  his took 20"
"kate grenville ,  a renowned novelist in australia ,  says it is not a necessity to finish a book .  the important thing is to sit down and think profoundly about what you are reading . "
your voice does not match your face in a good way . 
the roosevelt ' s splashed six incoming cruise missiles . 
sort of illusions in my book and it ' s not as what
this way you can select the whole row normally . 
"the results showed individual difference in air traffic controller situation awareness ,  and the subjects had stable ability to acquire and maintain situation awareness . "
you ' ve given this a lot of thought . 
" "" any enterprise with foreign investment shall be allowed ,  when filing a consolidated income tax return ,  to deduct from the amount of tax payable the foreign income tax already paid abroad in respect of the income derived from sources outside china .  "" "
"it ' s like a greatinvestment for me ,  man . "
the technology giant apple has become the biggest company ever valued at more than  $ 620bn on the dow jones share index in new york . 
"and about seven years before you ' re about to die ,  there ' s a spike . "
geithner challenge facing the second consecutive day the senate to testify in congress . 
millions of people across the capital were hit by the deluge and thousands were evacuated from their homes . 
"as the pelvis became optimized for walking ,  the birth canal developed twists and turns that meant the baby had to rotate in order to keep its head and shoulders aligned with the widest part at all times . "
he buried him secretly near his apartment
and then divided that by the number of minutes per year . 
"prefacein the last few years ,  helicobacter pylori  ( hp )  has been implicated in the pathogenesis of itp ,  but the incidence of hp infection in severe itp patients  ( with a platelet count < 20×109 and a serous bleeding )  and the relationship between hp infection and characteristics of patients are not clearly literalized . "
we stood in awe of the lofty redwood trees . 
and so this is just a regular video of the animal
he deposited the money under the name of his son . 
so that we can actually work with the tuna
"but ,  not everyone knows how to make an apology . "
and the world we ' re building for generations to come . 
"the unusual crocodile ,  that was shot and killed ,  was '  one in a million  '  ,  a tour operator said . "
"that is to say ,  personal and authoritarian influence is an important factor in healing but not by any means the only one ,  and in no sense does it constitute the essence of psychotherapy . "
and i tried to find what are the strengths
thousand of pilots .  airplanes were invented by natural selection . 
what about those of us who have average children ? 
"i mean ,  you could have at least told me . "
do we get any sort of souvenir ? 
it ' s not how i want to remember him . 
those interviewed spoke of a change in the range of species of mammals  ( moose and beaver )  as well as a decrease in the number of some bird species  ( ptarmigan )  . 
feeling grumpy？ well，today is the day british couple are most likely to have an argument，according to a relationship expert . 
"well ,  what news from the great world ? "
this fire accident ' s compensation main body is the dance king club . 
"in order to solve many problems facing to the on - line flow detection then apply the technique of state monitoring to modern marine hydraulic system with high reliability ,  we take the course "" theory of applying micro sensors to the flow detection of hydraulic systems and sensor research ""  .  this paper works on the velocity distribution of the laminar flow ,  turbulent flow in hydraulic systems , which provides adequate theoretical supports for designing new type sensor of flow indicator . "
older americans also have struggled to dig out in the past four years . 
and it was a big thing in my little community of point reyes station
to make us behave in certain ways so that our genes would propagate ? 
"in doing so ,  knowledge management strategies ,  project organization and the redesigning of office spaces are employed . "
"“being frank and letting everyone speak their mind is a great way to let off steam , ” said luo . "
they decided to chant beethoven ' s symphony no .  9 on the mayor ' s birthday . 
a few days ago my mom e -  mailed me a series of articles about the “boomerang generation ” :  young adults who move home and never become financially independent . 
"inspector ian tandy ,  said the case highlighted the dangers of putting too much personal information online . "
"they ' re sitting there relaxing ,  and here comes ,  you know—"
is it so horrible that i want my parents to like you ? 
"so these galaxy clusters  -  -  we take a snapshot now , "
"10 .  when a government spends ,  its citizens eventually pay ,  either today or tomorrow ,  either through explicit taxes or implicit ones like inflation . "
dove the chocolates : dove is a brand of chocolate made and marketed by the mars company . 
"however ,  the extra electron is much less tightly held by the extra proton in this pseudo - hydrogen than it would be in real hydrogen . "
"the line between the combatant and non  -  combatant ship ,  already indistinct ,  had almost vanished . "
"against these earlier expectations ,  things do not look so good . "
"yeah ,  well ,  one of us is irish . "
"kathleen guan ,  an administrative associate in the department of structural biology ,  brought no weapons – only her novice self ,  eager to learn . "
we ' il find the missing key to creating daywalkers . 
"so when you do that ,  here ' s what i can promise : "
in a landscape where we let go of the idea
i got on the phone and emailed to friends and colleagues . 
for all the people who are eager to tell our many stories . 
marius on that barricade after the octogenarian was the vision of the young revolution after the apparition of the old . 
【conclusions】the effect of mmc perfusion to glandular cystitis after turv is significant . 
"during these tests she was able to read a newspaper through an opaque screen and ,  stranger still ,  moving her elbow over a child ' s game of lotto she was able to descrithe figures and colours printed on it ;  and ,  in another instance ,  wearing stockings and slippers ,  to make out with her foot theoutlines and colours of a picture hidden under a carpet . "
"humor has been well defined as thinking in fun while felling in earnest .   ( mark twain ,  american novelist ) "
he wrote some reminiscences and historical lore about the native of jin and nuzhen . 
and we must not forget that he was the captain of the ship . 
might want to try and use it again . 
 ' they give people a break from their daily routines . 
it ' s hamid aboutalebi ' s past which concerns many here in the us . 
we have to keep a secret the things being discussed here . 
"we ran across a group of 200 chinese workers whom japanese soldiers have picked up off the streets of the safety zone ,  and after having been tied up are now being driven out of the city . "
the migration of the cultured cells was examined by boyden chamber . 
china is closing the stores belonging to bertelsmann direct group ' s business . 
it ' s really one of those days ;  everything seems out of gear today . 
objective :  to summarize the main points of first aid and nursing for 18 heart pierced patients . 
you should know that a deductive argument is an either - or thing . 
"dominating methods in wheat gene cloning include homology - based cloning ,  map - based cloning ,  suppression subtractive hybridization ,  ddrt - pcr etc . "
sure as i ' m breathing sure as i ' m sad
"he notes the move ' s short - term impact on the big cities is  "" very limited ,  ""  because  "" human resources go where capital goes .  "" "
anna politkovskaya was a fearless investigative journalist whose reports on human rights violations in chechnya brought applauses and prizes from across the world . 
"fubo lifts the veil of a seldom heard of ,  much less spoken about profession -  that of mortuary assistants ,   ( euphemistically referrred to as "" uncle fu ""  whose job is to undertake handling ,  dissection and cleaning up of corpses on behalf of forensic scientists . "
and also used the characters and vehicles and explosions
"further more his classmate ,  sally ,  fell in love with him . "
"so if we save people from hiv / aids ,  if we save them from malaria , "
in this programme i want to look at how to agree with someone in a conversation . 
"so it ' s anti - naturalistic really ,  the up and down movement , "
"be in china ,  still have one part person trashy electrify word . "
all we have to do is act natural . 
"for all you girls who think that plucking your eyebrows is a real pain in the ,  er ,  eyebrows ,  just ⑥thank your lucky stars that you didn ' t live in renaissance europe . "
the people who will actually be there on the front lines . 
"in which case she would die within a matter of hours , "
"yuan quan and xia yu ,  who have been similarly open about their romance ,  just announced their marriage to the public . "
let ' s not do it immediately .  maybe we free the kids
i ' ve been down in the source for 3 months
imagine if every time you needed to officially identify yourself you had to be sedated and knocked out cold . 
"this is starting to change :  in each luxury - goods category ,  five brands account for around 50 %  of the market ,  indicating early signs of concentration . "
"the medics amongst you ,  if there are any ,  will recognize the first two . "
australian defense minister david johnston describes the waters in that area as an extremely difficult environment . 
an original launch date in may was put back because of ongoing redesign work on the shuttle ' s fuel tank . 
north korea last year shut down its nuclear reactor complex at yongbyon in return for energy aid from the other parties to the chinese - sponsored talks . 
"to guide works regarding supervision ,  administration ,  emergency inspection and information construction in the matter of food and drugs . "
ph :  one of the great things that ' s going on here is
"now ,  as i showed you in the earlier diagram , "
we dothings that people only dream of doing . 
she then throws the instrument onto the ground and and storms off . 
"i mean ,  i empathize with that person but i don ' t literally feel the touch . "
but some  -   -  including president jean  -  claude trichet  -  -  stress the deposit rate is already near rock  -  bottom . 
"disabled persons with guidance from professional personnel and help from relevant staff ,  volunteers and family members ,  should actively take part in training programmes for functional recovery ,  and acquiring self - care ability and work skills . "
call came in about a car crash . 
"rose petals were scattered down from the sky before a little box was dropped contained a ring .  upon catching the box ,  the hopeful groom ,  named shen ,  went down on one knee to pop the question to his girlfriend ,  river . "
the kids will work harder than they ' ve ever worked in their life
feng replied :  “parents remember every bit of progress we make in life and never feel disgraced by our failures .  but young people are always dissatisfied .  please tell your dad you love him . ”
grab some epi off the code cart . 
this equipment is a new one in the field of continuous casting . 
" "" a lot of snow fell on mount fuji ,  but it was blown off by strong winds ,  ""  a city official in fujiyoshida near mount fuji said . "
"and finally ,  i think we have to do something that ' s not really  -  - "
"hey allie ,  you want some cotton candy ? "
"but after a minimum of small talk to put us at ease ,  it was down to more serious matters . "
"hey ,  rambo ,  you see who did this ? "
"living in dublin ,  caithleen has fallen in love with eugene gaillard . "
"to the 35 percent of the people that have no access , "
i love erin and i trust harry . 
"video :  skycar dispatched ,  launch rescue vehicle for san francisco . "
"this challenge was craftily avoided ,  and astrology continues to exercise much influence over politics ,  public policy ,  business and everyday life . "
trying to decide whether to classify the work or publish it . 
"the cerebral ventricle status under ct scan :  29 cases got normal ,  5 cases got obviously deflate ,  2 cases got a little deflate . "
there ' s a great quote that was written in the new york times
why do you do this to yourself ? 
or in the end of the peripheral nerve and record them there . 
"he found that n224k ,  q226l and n158d all control areas in the head of the ha protein - ie ,  the hook - and probably help it attach to the mammalian flavour of sialic acid . "
we hope to move to the country in the near future . 
did you check nilsen ' s office for any files on beth garner ? 
i ' m trying to tell you the princesses went awol . 
"you’re sitting at your desk ,  using your handheld device to read ,  e - mail and ,  yes ,  text .  arm rests aren’t required ,  but they’re ideal . "
there ' s a part that they can ' t get to . 
you should be more concerned about whether they ' re gonna slow you down . 
figure 2 represents what this document looks like when viewed in word . 
his chinese is so good that he could pass for a native . 
didn ' t you approve to raze the high walls of our three noble families is the first place ? 
"and then at the other end ,  there ' s performance and short films"
summary of background data . both mechanical and chemical factors hae been identified as important for inducing radiculopathy . 
"the air force ' s public space budget  ( as opposed to the secret part )  will increase by nearly 10 %  next year ,  to  $ 8 . 7 billion ,  with much of it going on a new generation of rockets . "
so he was out and working at a job
"but living in smaller cities also has drawbacks .  according to a survey on tencent micro blog website ,  t . qq . com ,  conducted early this month ,  about 68 percent of those asked support the decision to return to big cities . "
also the same line was used by emperor zurg .  .  .  . 
"again ,  i think we can achieve a real increase in well - being , "
"as process requirment ,  the adjusting valve may be used in adjusting the discharging sludge flow . "
"we thought it was going to be tv ,  but better . "
are you going to beour new nanny ? 
"in fact ,  they have resulted in the so - called moratorium on approval of gm products to be placed on the market . "
compound iron fertilizers had significant effects on rectifying peanuts chlorosis caused by iron deficiency . 
the drug addict was confined to a small room to eliminate his addiction . 
she says that he is keeping to himself . 
"that ' s very good news ,  because i thought that was what the answer would be . "
"now ,  just sit down on the bed and shut up . "
"celades played with him ,  and said he would just pick a ball up in training ,  beat 10 men and score . "
evidence that casts doubt on primary  -  memory account of recency effects in recall is reviewed . 
american obstetrician laura stachel was appalled by the lack of light when she first visited africa in 2008 . 
my child is allergic to wheat .  can he take gummy vites ? 
he complained that there were not enough distractions in the town . 
"so she ' s even more glamorous if you know that she really wasn ' t stupid , "
" "" congress doesn ' t need to worry about working with the white house on this because we think the supplemental is the way to go ,  ""  he said .   "" what they do need to worry about is making sure there is enough but not too much money in the fund so that we can say we ' ve done our job .  "" "
"input power factor correction function .  under full loading condition ,  the input power factor reaches 0 . 95 or above ,  no pollution to the electricity net environment . "
"nodes capable of pulling down all the space junk orbiting the planet ,  and driving every human underground . "
the serious incident along the border increased our fears of the war . 
"which is a beautifully musical language ,  if you don ' t know it . "
"if we have four years of drought ,  we still have water on the campus , "
the lead developer is more consulting his part - time  ' cause their regular day job of course is to write software . 
this is a form of service virtualization that keeps the requestor completely ignorant of which provider is actually servicing the requests . 
china is now the united states '  biggest foreigncreditor -  holding an estimated us $ 1 . 6 trillion in government debt . 
"in order to improve the high frequency hot plasticity ,  it is necessary to reduce the crack source ,  i .  e .  ,  to reduce the defects in steel wire and to improve the plasticity of matrix . "
"asunto :  master sha junjie  ( kunming ,  yunnan province ,  china )  performs xingyi five elements spear and pole shaking . "
"but this is a mistaken view . the die - hards in the kuomintang are still in a position to dictate its policies ,  but numerically they are in a minority ,  while the majority of the membership  ( many are members only in name )  are not necessarily die - hards . "
"no ,  i told you before ,  l´venever killed anyone in my life . "
"dr claus ' s work ,  then ,  is a timely reminder that x - rays are dangerous ,  that dentists should use them sparingly and that patients who have suspicions about their use are not necessarily paranoid . "
"for the purpose to perfect the risk assessment of major hazard installation ,  a vulnerability assessment methodology for industrial facilities is developed on the basis of relativity between target selection of attack and certain inherence of industrial facilities  ( especially the industrial facilities involve a store of chemical or energy )  . "
you need to take another look at your place on the food chain . 
"“the idea is to use cape verde as a doorway into africa and benefit the states of bahia ,  ceará ,  pernambuco and alagoas ,  initially ,  by generating business with the african continent ,  namely cape verde ,  ”said ambassador daniel pereira . "
do something  ( about it )  !   /  don ' t just sit there ! 
treat it as if it were your own . 
"lf it ' s all that private ,  i ' ve got a bottle in my room upstairs . "
because these rivers are the lifeblood of people all along their course . 
folk - custom plays an important part in the modern production and living ;  its function and influence on the popularization of agricultural science and technology are comprehensive and profound too . 
rather than being incredibly turned off by what they saw  -  - 
"inputs to coordination  -  -  there has been a second answer , "
ab :  sixth  -  -  was that a friday ?  audience :  yes . 
the isothermal cvi  ( chemical vapor infiltration )  process of carbon / carbon composites is controlled by many factors and its efficiency is very low .  manufacturing of c / c composites with isothermal cvi processes is costly and thus limits commercial applications of c / c composites . 
a plugin for the mime type xx was not found . 
i ' ve actually got a website that ' s got a bunch of photos that i ' ve done
after we had all taken on enough food  ( and martin his beer )  our lethargy began to recede and we were able to head off again . 
some applications on fem in the micro loudspeaker modal analysis and the acoustic response simulation are introduced . 
"then the three bears thought they had better make further search in case it was a burglar ,  so they went upstairs into their bedchamber . "
they told her that the writers can talk about gang - banging her all day long as long as they don ' t do it . 
"turn off the computer ,  wait about 20 seconds for the hard disk to stop rotating then turn the computer back on . "
"for some time ,  something had him scared . "
"experimental methodagents and method :  histone iii -  s ,  protamine ,  first antibody of pkc isoform a and e ,  and second antibody of goat anti -  rabbit anti - body were from sigma company ; "
"some netizens have made a ranking list of the schools in martial arts themed novels written by jin yong ,  based on comparisons among the strength of all schools in their peak periods . "
"a confluence of recent events ,  some of them little noticed ,  has set the stage for this trend to resume ,  with emerging markets stockpiling reserves in ever - greater quantities . "
your love made me make it through
the marriage of a queen concerns all the people who live in her country . 
should fireworks be banned or is it important that we are allowed to celebrate bonfire night in traditional fashion ? 
"raising chu ' s fret is cumbersome ,  wrote some asset toward letter periodical ,  put into portable billfold ,  however knew this object probably any beyond have no chance can give to work out . "
because i have never heard about farmer in pastor ' s school
i ' il go away just for a few days . 
"and instead ,  he ' s funneling his own money to himself ? "
woman thought mayonnaise came from a plant . 
"he ' s totally gonna take care of angela ,  man . "
but one university psychologist has warned this is wreakinghavocwith our self - image and underminingour sense of self - worth . 
"according to the traditional existing problem in the light experiment , the paper puts forward the improved method of light intervening and diffract experiment ,  which could make the electrophoresis distinct . "
its low sweep wing reduces drag and weight ;  the embedded engines sit aft of the wings . 
this can help you to strike a better deal with your landlord . 
"excuse me ,  when does the ticket office open ? "
i must say that is the best chicken cacciatore i ' ve ever had . 
the results show that the tribology capability of oil allocating pair has been significantly improved . 
"i mean ,  how many times do we see you ? "
the defendants want to get a softer judge . 
"the unclaimed baggage center has found guns ,  illegal drugs  -  even a live rattlesnake  -  inside bags . "
"object : the topic adopt the methods of the integration of clinical and laboratory research ,  observing qingjing capsule ' s efficiency of treatment early menstruation ,  exploring the mechanism of regulating reproductive endocrine . "
selection of turbine generator inertia gd 2 and pid governor parameters
would it have killed you to call me ? 
conclusionthrombin potentiates rat cerebellum granular cell nmda receptor function by increasing intracellular tissue transglutaminase . 
"soll ich ihn bekanntmachen ?  ach ,  niemals !  er ist einsamer mensch . "
but he ' s not stopping the agency from gathering it . 
"byd auto is a subsidiary of the byd company ,  a group headquartered in shenzhen and listed on the hong kong stock exchange .  it has factories in shanghai ,  beijing and xian . "
"blessed are those who have learned to acclaim you ,  who walk in the light of your presence ,  o lord . "
"a more serious threat to british legal firms would be if american law firms start to outcompete them ,  according to james martin ,  a lawyer at linklaters based in dubai until recently . "
"but the best thing about getting old is you ' re not responsible for remembering things anymore ,  even important things . "
"a very ,  very mild punishment .  to be slapped on the wrist doesn ' t hurt much ,  and isn ' t a deterrent from misbehaving again . "
"he bear -  hugged higuain so tightly he almost lifted the striker clear off the ground ,  and he protested a late foul by messi so vociferously you ' d think the refs were italian tax collectors . "
"and when we figure out how to get you the rest of the money , "
to see that on her way to school ? 
"happy easter everyone ,  i hope your all enjoying your day with family . "
"so ,  what are you gonna do ,  barry ? "
 -  her first night in the lab because she was going to make the sensor . 
"a peer over the side of the balcony shows that none of the water even reaches the snow covered ground below ,  while a second angle reveals the whole lot has been merely carried gently away on the breeze . "
the non  -  isothermal degradation was found to be first order reaction . 
we regret that owning to the shortage of stocks we are unable to fill your order . 
holiday inn express hotel  & suites ottawa airport :  book direct .  click here . 
we were giving them all sorts of reasons to adapt new ways . 
the leader of nepal ' s maoists is trying to reassure his country and the world that the former rebels will play a constructive political role as election returns show the far - left party making a much stronger - than - expected showing .  election officials say the maoists  -  labeled by washington as a terrorist organization  -  have won at least 70 seats in constituencies where counting has been completed . 
"the technical barriers to trade in international trade is a set of compulsory technical measures which is made by one nation in order to protect the nation ' s security ,  the life and health of human ,  animal or plant ,  the environment ,  or the prevention of deceptive practices . "
what is needed is concerted international pressure on mr karzai to accede to a constitutional rearrangement that decentralises power away from kabul . 
"until now the first lady ' s has had a more serious public persona ,  an advocate for education and women ' s rights in afghanistan .  this speech showed a different and very funny side of laura bush . "
"one ,  being true to yourself ,  which is very self - directed . "
"the event will also discuss regulation and supervision ,  the market code of conduct ,  stock market strategy in emerging markets ,  as well as best practices in the capital market and the liberalization process for companies . "
"now how many of you have ever gone to a state park or a national park where you had a big sign at the front saying ,   "" closed because human sewage is so far over this park that you can ' t use it ""  ? "
i ' ve gotta go back for the cellular devolumizer . 
"i got the lab to myself ,  but only for the next hour . "
"for members of our military ,  it ' s been a year of sacrifice and service far from home . "
i ' d knock that shit off if i was you . 
"the wife of the american cultural attaché ,  mrs .  harriet bowling ,  is giving birth in delivery room four .  she is having a golden haired male baby we will call baby b . "
lara brennan ' s being transferred to university hospital . 
"miss marshall ,  what can i do for you ? "
"so this gigabyte or terabyte of data ,  we ' re putting it into this block . "
"before we leap into an explanation of the next two valuation techniques ,  we should be grounded in a few concepts regarding valuation models . "
"first ,  let us introduce you to gaia . "
"we commuted longer to work ,  but as you can see from this graph , "
"he ' s got a whole computer shop here ,  man ! "
"and have a tumor ,  often have  -  -  40 percent of the time  -  - "
"and before i was a toy designer ,  oh ,  i was a mime ,  a street mime ,  actually . "
"and over the past generation ,  outside political leaders have drawn a similar conclusion ,  choosing to play down human rights in the hopes of effecting change . "
can i put some of my other assignments on the back burner while i work on this one ? 
"because he is actually the chinese character for  "" people .  "" "
and the half a turn is halfway between the six pointed stars . 
"the world consisted here ,  of one set of countries over here , "
from december of 2003 until june of 2005 .  .  . 
"also ,  there were no welcoming ceremonies upon the arrival of npc deputies . "
"she was only there for a few moments ,  but when we pulled her out ,  she was .  .  . "
"gripped by the despair of one who must solve the puzzle of toaster suicide ,  i resigned myself to my fate . "
"the next stage of the project ,  to be carried out this month ,  is to take 50 grains from each of the successful plants and repeat the process with them . "
"olive ,  the bbc ' s food magazine ,  recently startled british gourmands when it declared birmingham ,  england ' s second largest city ,  the united kingdom ' s ""  foodiest town ,   "" ahead of london and edinburgh .  the award came last october ,  just as birmingham was hosting an annual festival ,  the 10 - day birmingham food fest ,  which featured such local talents as aktar islam of lasan restaurant ;  up - and - comers like david colcombe of opus ,  andy waters of edmunds restaurant and steve love of loves restaurant ;  and a troika of michelin - starred chefs :  glynn purnell of purnell ' s ;  andreas antona ,  luke tipping and adam bennett of simpsons restaurant ;  and richard turner of turners of harborne . "
secretary of state condoleezza rice on wednesday said she will do all she can assure a smooth transition for the incoming obama administration .  detailed preparations for the handover at the nation ' s foreign affairs agency are already underway . 
i ' m the original coyote .  .  just a small town gal trying to make it in the big bad city . 
senator mccain said he is confident congress and the bush administration can agree on a financial bailout plan within the next few days . 
i don ' t want to make an accusation until i have some proof . 
"those numbers tell you something about aggregate activities ,  but why do individuals participate in this in the first place ? "
"it ' s how they ,  see ,  have those album things  -  -  kids don ' t know what they are . "
"it ' s a true story about the united states today , "
"i ' m not just an ichthyologist ,  i ' m a bona fide fish nerd . "
"her mind has come undone ,  i fear . "
it appears the funds are being withdrawn as we speak . 
"so ,  at this point ,  i do want to tell you that"
" "" you know ,  i ' ve been good for the whole week now "" "
"today ,  we ' re just going to voyage to a small sampling"
good permeability :  a lot of convective breathers can quickly diffuse the hot and keep and fluency . 
"and at the forefront was bryant ,  garnering nothing but praise from his coaches and teammates . "
you could just block everything out and write . 
we had to throw out the plywood legs and make new cane ones . 
but the 27 - year - old woman has become an authority on landing internships . 
"well ,  uh .  .  .  you ' ve been here five minutes .  .  .  and already you ' re sending me off . "
"they will be obsessed with security ,  lest the muggles notice anything . "
"the duchess of cambridge is in the very early stages of her pregnancy when she began to feel unwell today ,  she travelled with her husband to the private king edward vii hospital in london . "
"an actuary earns about  $ 85000 a year and has few physical demands ,  little stress ,  a good work environment and a positive outlook for employment and income growth . "
fixed .  to make up for this we have given you a lifetime affilite page . 
a chance to make kids happy again . 
some government agencies used twitter to keep people informed on the storm and recovery efforts . 
"god ,  his dick smells like shit ,  dude . "
it wiii just be a few minutes . 
"mammal ' s ,  we have ourselves a crime scene . "
"abraham lincoln :  capturing the look once again ,  chaz sticks on a beard instead of waiting months to grow it . "
"and ,  you know ,  there ' s a scale of happiness when you talk about in design"
hailsham was the last place to consider the ethics of donation . 
there we had a code of honor . 
"let ' s see ,  i ' ve got a frequent - flier card .  .  . "
"and were trying to figure out ,   "" how do we survey the population"
the guys inside the horse have to be able to see out . 
"cotur is considered to be one of the biggest and best travel agencies in mozambique and has won several awards from airlines such as linhas a éreas de mo çambique ( lam )  and tap air portugal ,  amongst others . "
"there was a time when the owners of shops and businesses in chicago had to pay large sums of money to gangsters in return for  "" protection ""  . "
opposition groups have accused him of behaving like a dictator after he granted himself sweeping new powers on thursday . 
"maybe at 39 ,  but i ' m too -  i don ' t know . "
"he says if you come up to see him in person ,  then he ' il tell you the truth ,  to your face so that you can get on with your life and have some peace . "
the address book has changed on disk and is being reloaded . 
we have much more time than the germans . 
"just a minute .  yes ,  the camera was handed in to the purser . "
"indicates concave ,  convex or flush welds .  increase height to fit above other weld symbol . "
"recent independent polls of pakistani voters reflect wide dissatisfaction with president pervez musharraf ,  pessimism about their economic situation ,  insecurity about personal safety ,  and deep cynicism about the fairness of the elections . "
ask about what kind of protective equipment is available . 
" "" how did you get to be a ranger ?  "" "
maybe when he sees us he ' il confess . 
not all of us have the luxury of playing nihilist . 
then put in a drawer or somewhere where you can ' t see it . 
"this means that any detailed requirements produced by an overly aggressive overlapping  -  iterations team will have to be thrown away or rewritten ,  increasing the cost of development . "
"my attacker rushed me again .  he rammed me in the chest with his head and body ,  striking me over and over again with all his might ,  still to no avail . "
"i don ' t know what you think you can do here ,  stephen . "
the actual control line huang junqin wong kwong yu ' s elder brother . 
how will the milan management spend on a playmaker and defender next season ?  ?  ?  it ' s big bucks we are talking about !  !  !  and big bucks is what the management has right now !  !  ! 
"for the swedish state ,  it will be money for nothing . "
i think ian would be great in bed . 
you cannot tell from a cursory glance that he ' s not into her . 
"pre - demarcation bombing ,  a bombing mode for moving targets ,  is to demarcate the target for several times for obtaining more accurate moving parameters of the target . "
"but why ?  and finally ,  would you be able to  -  - "
it ' s hard to understand his all  -  too  -  brief words . 
to fix the messes we made with the last one . 
the agile supply chain breaks through the traditional line  -  style organizational structure . 
"and you take a glass of wine ,  and you put your feet up . "
i just want to go to rome . 
no one appreciates your pissing match more than i . 
"if you know about a meaningful relation between two lsids ,  you should describe it in the metadata ,  regardless of who issued the lsids . "
"i said ,   "" no way ,  ma ,  you have embarrassed me my entire life .  "" "
methods 110 aci patients and 45 controls were investigated . 
"i was right .   / bob ,  should we get a  / pecan roll for the ride ? "
"okay ,  i know it ' s a stressful time ,  but ,  you know ,  maybe you can keep your shit together ? "
have you ever witnessed somebody who is so confident and fluent in conversations that it ' s actually really impressive ?  how do they do it ? 
and i didn ' t say that .  colin powell said that . 
"the whale died last year in the haifa port from an undetermined reason and researchers dug up the remains today ,  which will be taken away for further research . "
"then he asks all the kids at the pep rally .  .  .  who think they are nerds ,  to come forward . "
"in the past ,  we used to calculate the strength of the lugs of railway special service flatcars with the theory of classical mechanics for thin ring or thick ring ,  the derived formulas for bending moments of maximum stress sections are m _ b =  ( pr )  / 2 ( 1 - 2 / π )  for thin ring and m =  ( pr )  / 2 ( 1 - 2 / π +  ( 2e )  /  ( πr )  )  for thick ring . "
it’s caused by bleeding underneath your skin – there’s blood underneath the skin . 
"hey ,  i didn ' t say you were a good writer . "
and then you have three  -  -  you still have the triple redundancy . 
"captain ,  please don ' t make me do this . "
"foreign invested water supply and drainage ,  garbage disposal and sewage disposal and other environmental protection and social benefit projects ,  if no charg ing standard can available for the time being ,  shall appropriately subsid ized the local government . "
"to your own group :  your own nation ,  your own co - religionists , "
"not only is there no ’ family ’ or ’ harem ’ organization ;  neither is there a ’troop’ organization  -  that is to say ,  no particular chimpanzees keep permanently together . "
"deploying a new generation of algorithms ,  retailers are changing the price of products from toilet paper to bicycles on an hour - by - hour and sometimes minute - by - minute basis . "
"jon arne riise has stepped back in there ,  with arbeloa deposing finnan on the opposite side . "
you could have just said no to her . 
i will only strike her if she is guilty . 
here we have children dropping out of high school . 
and so then i asked her a question  -  - 
i heard a knock at the window just now . 
the frenchman ' s breakfast coffee competes with the englishman ' s bacon and eggs . 
that is an important factor now that oil prices are again trading above  $ 85 a barrel . 
"israel still controls the tomb of the patriarchs ,  which is sacred to both jews and muslims ,  and the nearby hebron jewish settlement .  the 500 settlers who live there are furious over the deployment .  they say that in the past ,  palestinian police have turned their weapons on the jews . "
"if i sleep out ,  mom beats me with whatever ' s in her hand . "
although i did see the party of five episode you were in . 
does that mean i should sit around and do nothing if it all meaningless and purposeless ? 
"let a small magnet ndfeb fall freely along the aluminum tube .  by changing the dimension of the aluminum tube and small magnet , we measure the time interval of falling . "
"it ' s not making headlines ,  it ' s not making news ,  it ' s not flashy . "
"do think about placing a full size keyboard inside the desk drawer for guest use .  but at the same time ,  consider how to keep it clean . "
it sounded like something hit the side of the house . 
no one will use my park now . 
"if money was the only motivating factor in looking for a new job ,  obviously a counteroffer is something to consider .   "" however ,  i would strongly caution that there is a risk that your standing in your existing job may change significantly .  you need to be ready for those potential consequences ,  ""  she says . "
"then ,  perhaps caesar will be so good as to teach us .  .  .  out of his own extensive experience . "
the outer safety glass may include coating materials at ends thereof . 
"because all this future thinking was taking place in an fmri machine ,  the scientists were able to glimpse the anatomy underling our ability to think about the future . "
let ' s be positive now .  we ' re going to get positive .  how did this happen ? 
"results acute leukemia were classified into 4 subgruops : monophenotypic acute leukemia , acute leukemia which mainly expressed one lineage - specific antigens , hybrid acute leukemia  ( hal )  and acute undifferentiated leukemia  ( aul )  .  and the percentages of them were 82 .  27 %  , 9 .  22 %  , 7 .  09 %  and 1 .  72 %  respectively . "
are you suggesting that rob and i aren ' t compatible sexually ? 
i ' m having trouble feeling my lips a little . 
"so the fact that i ' m here asking you these questions ,  it doesn ' t worry you ? "
boy gets anthrax and happens to be allergic to two antibiotics . 
splits the string expr into a list of strings and returns that list . 
"i do not want your company ,  sherif . "
some people go their entire lives without hearing news that good . 
this paper proposes an audio  -  video synchronization method based on avs and embedding technique . 
the necessity to develop international attestation for china ' s gold and silver products after china joining wto and opening gold silver market is described and the experience of developing international attestation by qiankun company are introduced . 
it just keeps on happening and happening . 
"rather than asking them to judge the quality of a player ' s cards ,  however ,  he asked them to rate either that player ' s confidence or how smoothly the player pushed his chips into the middle of the table . "
"yeah ,  a famous diver in the 1 930s . "
"this file contains the report name ,  report description ,  and the breadcrumb trail entry . "
for college students to do a part  -  time job will broaden their outlook . 
"but chinese investment in north america ,  africa and oceania is showing steady growth and to some countries expanding by as much as 80 percent . "
today ' s the third anniversary of my wife ' s death . 
 #  she ' s all i want to see  # 
we think it must be the measles . 
"but now ,  if we were to fix upon this one aspect of the counter culture — its mystic tendencies and principled funkiness — we would not be doing justice to the deep ambiguity of the movement . "
"but now ,  bangladesh  -  -  it ' s a miracle that happens in the  ' 80s : "
" "" i have the most wonderful clientele in the world . "
you are looking for the girl who has a tattoo on her shoulder ! 
give her back to me with some dignity . 
"and finally ,  one of the most interesting projects  -  -  it ' s a courthouse . "
"started a website back in 2005 ,  with a few friends of mine , "
and my money ' s not in my account . 
that will feed billions of people without raping the land that they live on . 
"mr .  geithner also highlighted the rising appetite for risk among global investors ,  an allusion to the flow of investments into asian assets that has boosted some currencies lately . "
"but ,  dr .  colwell says ,  that clock can become discombobulated .  it is easily confused ,  for instance ,  by viewing artificial light in the evening ,  he says ,  when the internal clock expects darkness .  aging also worsens the clock ' s functioning ,  he says .   "" by middle age ,  most of us start to have trouble falling asleep and staying asleep ,  ""  he says .   "" then we have trouble staying awake the next day .  "" "
"do you think he is a sleeper ,  rhys ? "
"in millennium actress ,  kon goes so far as to directly touch on the generational  - amnesia aspect of the undigested past . "
all i want is a serious answer . 
"objective to compare the mechanical properties of ilium ,  scapula ,  and fibula used for reconstruction of metatarsus deficit . "
our plane was attackedan hour out of crete . 
so how many hours of the day does that take ? 
"it ' s a syndrome michel has also observed while shadowing investment bankers over the years .  after her subjects had worked at a bank for four years on average ,  she began observing signs of sleeplessness ,  anxiety ,  and depression :   "" i could see how people came in chatting happily on the phone with friends ,  how that became less and less ,  ""  she says .   "" people became completely absorbed in the office ,  in work .  some are feeling trapped .  "" "
you might find that the relative scale of those is 20 to 1 . 
elizabeth broun is the director of the smithsonian american art museum that supervises the renwick gallery . 
you must bask in the fear of other men . 
it was so dark that we could n ' t see a wink . 
"and everything but  -  -  four of these light objects are stars , "
"this has led to a big expansion of bridge to practice schemes , "
"others just have habits that they need to repeat on every flight .  brian cohen ' s first international flight ,  to paris during his college years ,  included listening to the 1975 elton john album  ' captain fantastic and the brown dirt cowboy '  on a borrowed sony walkman . "
"which is probably just as well for game designer richard garriott who paid hundreds of thousands of dollars to become one of the world ' s first space tourists a couple of years back ,  only to discover he could bring neither his ipod nor play video games in space . "
"i had to turn that part of me off .  i had to turn that part of me off .  "" "
jos épatricio told reporters wednesday that the coming on - stream of grande plutonio will contribute significantly to increase angola ' s oil production–currently estimated at 1 . 4 million bpd . 
"founded in 1989 ,  the hong kong asthma society is a registered non - profit making ,  charitable ,  patient - based organization in hong kong . "
"two years ,  they never even let me fire a weapon . "
you should have your people check it out . 
and then a few weeks later we can take out the cartilage scaffold . 
"if we considered the population of the world… … one third part of 6 , 700 million people… … they are young minors of 15 years ,  the third part . "
patrick nagel ' s hard - edge style of 80 ' s women became one of the strongest images in the 20th century . 
"main products are necklace ,  bracelets ,  pendants ,  earrings ,  brooches and other jewelry ,  leisurely fashion with today ' s match . "
"showed them all the pictures of general tso chicken that i showed you , "
"it ' s a hobby that dovetails nicely both with jurvetson ' s investment interests as well as the broader arc of technology -  -  especially space technology -  -  in the 21st century .  since he began designing and constructing his first rockets in the middle of the last decade ,  the tremendous leaps and bounds of mobile devices have rapidly  ( some would say brutally )  driven down the prices of chips ,  sensors ,  and other electronics to the point that anyone can now make a rocket imbued with technologies that allow for precise measurements of speed ,  altitude ,  and orientation .  jurvetson and his sons can now run detailed software simulations on a rocket design before they build  ( and potentially wreck )  it ,  something that was unthinkable for most diy rocketeers even a few years ago . "
to do this we need a fast light switch . 
i ' m gonna fucking rip your wings off ! 
"the annual statement ,  which shows consumers’ personal spending and online payment patterns ,  caused a stir when it was released by alipay on jan 15 .  many micro - bloggers shared how much money they spend shopping online ,  mostly on taobao ,  and how they felt after discovering the extent of their consumption .  as you may have guessed ,  most of them were shocked by their statement . "
"if you are innovative ,  don ' t say it .  prove it .  describe the products you ' ve developed .  describe the processes you ' ve modified .  give us something real so your innovation is unspoken but evident .  .  .  which is always the best kind of evident to be . "
note also that an activated charcoal mask is no longer effective when all of its “bonding sites” are filled .  at that point you must replace it with a new one . 
peter gabriel :  so torture is not something that always happens on other soil . 
"in which case ,  this is the sixth version . "
"researches have been conducted on eight patterns of mixed stand established in 1983 , focusing on effects of mixed alder and cypress forests in improving the soil and promoting the growth of cypresses .  on basis of a fuzzy comprehensive evaluation method , some mixed patterns are suggested for different site types . "
among the recommendations is that the simply tidying a desk at work and an overflowing filing cabinet will instantly have a positive impact on “your internal world . ”
"and originally ,  furby only had two eyes and some batteries on the bottom . "
i also heard that her family was really rich . 
"abstractobjective :  to explore the expression of human c  -  kit receptor protcin  ( c  -  kit r ,  cdl l 7 )  in acute leukemia  ( al )  . "
the secretary was severely reprimanded by his boss for leaking out the secret without his permission . 
the partitioning of india created two separate and autonomous jute economies . 
"during the period of reconsideration ,  the person whose withdrawal has been applied for shall not suspend his participation in the proceedings . "
i like to curl up with a story book . 
"frankly speaking ,  andy is more of an angler theoretically than practically . "
that you ' il offer us sex as a reward ? 
"going beak to beak ,  an adult king penguin challenges a skua attempting to make off with a freshly killed chick . "
"setting up loans for large - scale projects ,  establishing joint financing for projects ,  particularly those that have significant influence on bilateral relations are some of the aims of the chinese bank for the financial platform . "
"britain ' s royal air force chiefs are preparing to cut 10000 staff and close up to 5 large air bases ,  the times reported . "
"thank you for your intention to help promote the sales of our products ,  and we are quite satisfied with your performance in the last two years . "
i thought it was a good name . 
beyond the coral reef the open sea was dark blue . 
at least long enough to raise a child together as a team . 
"healthfitness corp .  ,  a minneapolis company that provides corporate health services ,  called on syndio social ,  a chicago firm that helps companies map their networks ,  to identify staff members who could help ease the shift to a major new technology platform last year . "
" ' cause you can tell me that you put your faith in god to get you through the day ,  but when it comes time to cross the road ,  i know you look both ways . "
"apd markers20 billy goat tissue dna samples from boar goats aged 5  -  6 month were amplified by 19selected primers and 156 markers were gotten ,  including 47 variable markers . "
"after it had been sent off ,  his secretary said to him , "
"was equivalent to this much .  it comes back in the winter , "
"you know ,  there ' s no reason to get mad about it . "
they kept checking around and they found a part of the coop where the wire was all messed up . 
"hey ,  brandi ,  are you doing okay ? "
"you know ,  i tried to stop him ,  of course . "
beardsley prints produced in the late 19th century are a good example of the style of art nouveau . 
"i have some beans and corn pone , "
"alice walker published the novel color purple in the epistolary style in 1982 , in which she expresses her strong idea of female ' s seeking for their independence and liberty . "
"all rooms of the house put safety latches on all cabinets and drawers that contain sharp or breakable objects ,  chemicals or medicines . "
"with the onset of war ,  oil prices climbed past  $ 30 a barrel . "
"i say ,   ' thank god for a human reaction ,  we haven ' t lost yet .  ' "
didn´t you see when i touched her ? 
"the virus spread ,  and the rabbit population dropped from six - hundred million to one - hundred million . "
"but as western wedding traditions invade asia ,  prospective brides in india and china are now also receiving diamond rings in such quantities that demand is surging ,  and prices are likely to follow . "
"which is related to coumarin ,  but has an extra pentagon inserted into the molecule . "
i had a dog once that wandered all over the place . 
" ?  jill sobule :  at a conference in monterey by the big ,  big jellyfish tank ,   ? "
"find an isolated place to work ,  or simply close your door until you complete the task at hand . "
you were reunited so he could finish . 
"we need bigger glasses and more hands in the water , "
"these are x - rays from an ear ,  nose and throat specialist on m street . "
"as a child ,  surrounded by the world ,  i felt safe . "
"for me ,  being a mom started when i could laugh over spilled milk . "
"abef data indicates that chicken meat exports totaled us $ 1 . 545 billion in the first quarter of 2008 ,  59 percent more than in the same period of 2007 . "
to do more work than they ' ve ever done in their life
"among 179 doctors 191 times were injured ,  the average frequency was 1 . 07 ,  218 nurses were injured for 627 times ,  the average frequency was 2 . 88 .  the types of injury included pricking wound  ( 54 . 16 %  )  ,  glass cut  ( 33 . 25 %  )  , knife cut  ( 6 . 36 %  ) and others  ( 6 . 23 %  )  ;  the incidence of edge tool injury in doctors and nurses was related to their correlative operation . "
"for if you are careful to carry out these commands ,  then kings who sit on david ' s throne will come through the gates of this palace ,  riding in chariots and on horses ,  accompanied their officials and their people . "
"and you can see the red dots ,  in this particular patient ' s case , "
and local schools share what they grow in community gardens with people in need . 
the proposal for a cooperation agreement was made following an official visit by a delegation of businesspeople from hubei to sao paulo . 
it is indisputable that the crime rate has been rising . 
"corporate america ,  goldman argues ,  is flush with cash and pays a dividend yield of 2 . 2 %  ,  compared with a 1 . 6 %  yield for the average triple - a rated company bond . "
"you can ' t avoid feelings ,  but you don ' t have toexacerbatethem with negative thoughts . "
"while the workers '  wage has been screwed down to the last cent ,  the bosses have plunged into the cashbox up to their elbows . "
"over time ,  the president says america ' s outer - continental shelf could produce 18 billion barrels of oil ,  which is enough to meet current domestic oil production for about 10 years . "
i ' ll tell you what that theory was soon enough . 
median means the point where half the families were higher and half were lower . 
"portugal and mozambique are currently negotiating the final terms of transfer of control of the dam ,  after having signed a memorandum of understanding at the end of last year ,  which said control would be handed over to mozambique ,  which will end up with a share of around 80 percent . "
the cause seems to be a region  -  wide trend towards warmer winters and springs . 
he was such a fast talker that nobody could understand him . 
park tae - hwan trailed in the american ' s wake by nearly two full seconds  ( 1 : 44 . 85 )  .  the south korean touched the wall while phelps was already looking at the overhead scoreboard .  american peter vanderkaay claimed the bronze  ( 1 : 45 . 14 )  . 
"if the fate of the freeworld depended on me singing ,  maybe . "
i told him that we wouldn ' t treat him for the lupus until - 
an initial estimate of the coal reserve was 273 million tonnes . 
"well ,  the obvious way to measure the speed of sound"
the design features of roller hearth furnace heat  -  treat production line with nitrogen  -  based atmosphere are introduced . 
you can get the attention of important individuals but it might not be the time to get them to help or to back your ideas . refrainfrom arguing with your mate . 
"president talabani also mentioned iraq ' s efforts to improve relations with all its neighbors ,  including iran and syria .  the bush administration has cautioned that tehran and damascus foster terrorism in the region ,  but has said repeatedly it will not stand in the way of regional diplomacy by iraq . "
"but it only measure people who are actively looking for jobs ,  and many americans have given up . "
"samsung is providing two free pairs with its £2 , 000 television . "
"in betweensegmentsof the show ,  sheflirtatiouslylaughed ,  joked and whispered in his ear before mr obama got onto the serious stuff and jokilyside - steppeda question about the gop presidential candidates . "
that they don ' t want to offend you with just one more outlet . 
"i would like to quote what bingxin that poem :  the success of flower ,  it is only present mingyan it ,  and the initial bud ,  but the struggle immersion , 洒满a sacrifice . "
leptis magna is one of the best heritage sites still preserved right now . 
it ' s obvious that most of the things we think about
"he got e - mails from around the country .  one woman wrote :  “i felt ashamed when i saw your pictures .  i missed my dad so much ,  and hoped he could forgive me . ”"
" "" mobilizing individuals to get registered to vote has not been hard at all because people understand the urgency .  in this election ,  you have two different contrasting views of what america should look like over the next four years ,  ""  said haynes . "
"new revelations about the navy contractor who killed 12 people at a secure military installation here have exposed serious shortfalls in security screening and base protection ,  prompting the white house and pentagon to order a global review . "
now you ' re getting stoned with the woodland fairies . 
"and so ,  if you like it or don ' t like it ,  please email us and let us know . "
"results showed that strong power ultrasonic was suitable for fe and ni powder which had different particle shapes and agglomeration status ,  and the dispersion time of 15 minutes was enough for fe powder and for ni powder it must be 30 minutes . "
" "" or when it is ,  that victory is not possible . "
"hong kong ,  china ,  15 march–philippine group ayala ,  owned by one of the country ' s richest families ,  has invested some us $ 100 million in two real estate projects in macau and beijing ,  the south china morning post reported wednesday . "
i mean literally that she pushes the search for perfection too far that her merits are in themselves overstrained . 
because she would have woken up from a seven - and - a - half -  or eight - hour sleep
clarity of diction is vital for a public speaker . 
bush campaign communications director dan bartlett says senator kerry is trying to score some political advantage from the tape by continuing a line of attack that mr .  bartlett says is just plain wrong . 
romney has been on the defensive after the release of a secretly - recorded video from a fundraiser in may showed him with a dismissive attitude toward obama supporters . 
"if you would like to send suggestions or feedback ,  please use the comments box in the  "" rate this article ""  section below . "
"five tips to lower stress at workplacewhen it comes toloweringstress at work ,  studies from around the world have yieldeda set offive tips ,  with advice ranging from grabbing 4winks atyour deskto taking your pet to work . "
"maybe you could handle her long face ,  i could not . "
we ' re going to get out of that whole warehouse environment .   .  .  . and live in a proper house . 
if you want to guess what this person is going to do next . 
"we ' il take some tlme offand let the dust settle a llttle blt .  .  .  and we ' il all get together for dinner or something ,  okay ? "
"since he was a cub ,  myhr rho dreamed of owning a successful business . "
"a soldier gives it a command to go upstairs ,  and it does . "
he went to los angeles .  and he brought in people by the truckload .  into big halls . 
conclusion the rate of non  -  adherence to fluid intake in hemodialysis patients is high . 
when you hear the bell you will turn your head and look down . 
i ' il get you some hydrocortisone in a minute . 
from a revolutionary stunner to a revolutionary goddess ——the feminine images in the novels of mao dun
melanie did not know there was no home and that they were alone in a mad and desolate world . 
and here we have a game that people play . 
users can control the data - sampler through the virtual control panel on the pc . 
"you haven ' t aged ,  you haven ' t changed at all . "
"with backing from an array of high tech corporate partners ,  it isn ' t what you typically think of when you imagine a school . "
"and lest you think that you all ,  as the digerati ,  are more enlightened , "
this is what they think about my site ;  it ' s ranked by blog authority . 
"the evolution of this highly adaptable brain that we all carry around with us , "
a smile is ever the most bright and beautiful with a tear upon it .  what is the dawn without its dew ? 
"i don ' t think about how other people gauge ,  uh .  .  . "
"not who my parents or other people told me i was , "
jul 8 th 2010 this is a timely book for several reasons . 
experimental study of mechanism to deeply vibrating -  loosen and storage and preservation of soil moisture
"if we look at a map of london in the 17th century , "
"what do they do ?  well ,  let ' s first check and make sure"
whose doctrine of use for 15 years has been
not make a move to exercise its political muscle ? 
"there is considerable concern that thailand ' s political crisis is just on hold and has not ended .  most members of parliament from the banned party have regrouped under another banner and they ,  along with coalition partners ,  still hold a majority of seats .  if their choice for a new prime minister  -  expected next week  -  does not satisfy the anti - government group ,  protesters may well be back on the streets . "
"they went crazy because i had all this stuff that they don ' t have , "
and the project soon grew from five to 50 weavers in about a year . 
officials in honduras say inmates have taken control of a prison in the city of san pedro sula . 
we ' re going to pull it out and have a look at its structure . 
are you nuts ?  what are you talking about ? 
you should think of it as a compliment . 
"is steering people toward affordable ,  nutritious foods enough to get everyone eating healthfully ? "
"m :  aha ,  if i were hired ,  how many accounts would i be handling ? "
the more you try not to care， the more you will end up caring . 
you must download this update now to improve connectivity and system performance . 
ferry boats ply regularly between all the resorts on the lake . 
"“we now think that the country needs these products ,  considering the government ' s wish to attract more investment in tourism and sport ,  ”said chang ,  quoted by daily newspaper ,  not ícias ,  adding that the idea was to reduce some taxes on importing equipment for sports such as golf ,  tennis and others considered to be elite sports . "
"don ' t monkey around when you visiting ,  please observe the rule of the park . "
"that devil resembles my home like collecting administration fee ,  a month comes only . "
"many of my dogs are not registered because of that ,  but we have documented its bloodline in a very specific way . "
and then the skin starts transforming into other materials . 
"by comparing ,  analyzing and estimating reflecting characteristics of etm +  /  tm image of different time and photo on maim cropper information ,  the paper summarizes the time reaction tincture of beijing area ' s agricultural application satellite ' s remote sensing data and puts forward the feasible choice of time and photo to identify beijing ' s maim cropper . "
they just try their luck at a different table . 
liver has the powerful capacity to regenerate after injury or resection . 
how does he do the things in his act ? 
"well ,  alex ,  all i know is i ' ve had a lot of sex in my life and the best sex i ' ve ever had was while drinking this . "
"aye ,  but he forgot to warn the stone men not to lay their hands upon me . "
"and if everyone has to go down with me ,  so be it . "
"to begin with ,  s & t ,  as the first force of productivity ,  is seen an inner power for economic growth and a significant means of satisfying the people ' s demand materially ,  hence putting the mode of produce into a state of constant innovation and making the technical advance and economic growth the priority for the whole nation . "
she even intends to introduce a girl to you . 
do you want me to leave you alone ? 
"faith is trusting in yourself enough to know that no matter how things turn out ,  you will make the best of them . "
"a technological mockery of a 10  -  foot  -  tall gnome stands before you ,  clunking and whirling with steam power . "
a title is entitled to the retired worker who repaired the entire tire tirelessly . 
"the us wants to see a  "" more fair and efficient allocation of credit and capital ""  in china ,  he said . "
"meanwhile ,  the public is busy buying face masks and traditional medicines believed to prevent flu . "
from a vengeful ghost in the time of slavery
i don’t need the government to tell me how should i use my sexual activity . ”
"like past expos ,  which gave the world everything from the eiffel tower to caramel corn and the us interstate highway system ,  this one could be memorable for decades – or it could be condemned as a waste of rmb400bn . "
"the screen that appears ,  shown in figure 11 ,  prompts you to specify which partition to boot from . "
"and it ' s better if we think hard about it , "
the reason for low yield of millet was analyzed by investigating the production status of millet in the northern henan .  the culture model and technique with good - quality and high - yielding of millet was put forward according to natural resources in the region . 
as the first replication of the center in pittsburgh . 
"in return for that ,  i will keep no more secrets from you . "
israel and palestine have not yet been in accord on the problem of jerusalem ' s ascription . 
" "" she did makeup for this television show ,  ""   .  .  . and took me to work a few times"
a :  it needs to be emphasized that kbe is nothing unapproachable . 
 ( used of persons )  dependable in devotion or allegiance or affection . 
the aircraft is streamlined to cut down wind resistance . 
you sent us an application regarding this boy some time back
"too often we go through life on autopilot ,  going through the motions and having each day pass like the one before it . "
" ' it was difficult because i was 13 and pretty much living and sleeping ,  and then the rest of the time it was a kitchen . "
but now he has the incident he requires to go on a rampage ofconquest . 
"former u . s .  president gerald ford will buried in his hometown of grand rapids ,  michigan wednesday ,  ending a six - day period of public and private memorials . "
hanging in the balance was the cia ' s best chance in years to strike at the heart of al qaeda . 
it ' s erroneous to assume that the press always prints the truth . 
she was called ageniusby her peers and topped her class every year in university . 
"according to the latest consensus forecasts ,  the eu economy is expected to contract by 3 . 6 per cent this year and the eurozone ' s by 3 . 7 per cent ,  while the us is forecast to shrink by only 2 . 9 per cent . "
"it is connection with questioner ' s psychological expectant incline and some social backgrounds ,  and other factors whether the reiterative brings forth misbehavior pragmatic effect . "
9 ． i ' m running out of steam .  i need to take a break . 
"don ' t squander your affection on him ,  he ' ll never love you . "
but i could see movement out of the corner of my eye . 
"he thus finds a beautiful flower singing a sad song ,  leaving ripples in his heart . "
"the paper tries to analyse the mentality of idolatry of university students from the idols , the cause and function of idolatry . "
"the twin sisters both decided to stay at tsinghua university to pursue their phd degrees .  some consider them to be pedantic ,  but they don’t mind .  “everyone has different values .  some prefer a relaxed life ,  but i enjoy hard work , ” ma donghan said .  “i’m happy . ”"
"“every company now wants to be a high - tech company ,  and we want to encourage them ,  ” mr .  zhu said ,  as he headed for an electronics factory ,  where he would inquire about profitability . "
"poured in to see the facility for the first time , "
"so ,  in hearing this piece ,  as i mentioned before ,  the most important thing is"
she said trading face to face with students from the same school or even the same department makes the sale more like a charity . 
"if you shook it out ,  little globs of juice would fly everywhere ! "
she puts this love to good use by working in the after -  school care centre at her local elementary school . 
"so ,  i was able to sort of exercise all of that . "
"it causes more cancers than there are cigarettes in apacket ,  it ' s expensive and you have to do it outside in the cold . "
i paid the bill but he neglected to give me a receipt . 
in a great river great fish are found ;  but take heed lest you be drowned . 
to the point where people simply get out of the business
"twenty one people ,  including 13 foreigners ,  were killed in friday ' s terror attack at the lebanese restaurant in afghan capital kabul . "
"ricky martin说：to all the victims ,  today ,  tomorrow ,  100 years from now we will always remember you with love  # godblessamerica #   # godblessourworld"
" "" these ants ,  are they looking for the queen ant ? "
i don ' t know if you ' ve read or heard about the sub - sonic sounds from elephants  -  - 
"sophisticated technology usually reserved for suits in executive suites ,  it ' s perhaps not surprising that telepresence served up for the masses is causing a stir in china .  but is this the future of dining ,  or one hot pot chain ' s gimmick ? "
right about the time the killings started ? 
"and gives a platform on which people can plan and build ,  including businesses . "
"the macau airline ,  whose main market links taiwan and mainland china ,  has as its main shareholders ,  the china national aviation corporation ( macau )  ( 51 percent )  and seap–servi ços ,  administra ção e participa ções ,  which includes tap portugal ( 20 percent )  . "
"i ' ve got to use video teleconferences ,  i ' ve got to use chat , "
"from a chinese point of view ,  this opposes the european teen research results ,  so does this negate the significance of the work ? "
let me see all the official documents concerning the sale of this land . 
"feature :  it is mainly used for the forming cutting of fur ,  paper ,  leather ,  synthetize materical and nonmetal material . "
"you will miss out ,  but in striving to do everything ,  you ’ll miss out on the wonder of the thing you are doing right now . "
"you know ,  i’m not like a car that you can fix up . "
natalie has withdrawn into the old shell of narrow  -  focused numbers that protects her in bad times . 
but some observers note the current war of words between zimbabwe ' s political parties are attempts by each side to create pressure on the other in advance of the eventual resumption of the negotiations . 
you adore classical music .  your fm is always on that classical dial . 
"however ,  transistors come in two varieties ,  n - type  ( negative )  and p - type  ( positive )  . "
that baba ' s been infected by the serious meme for 45 years . 
"but they were terrified affrighted ,  and supposed that they had seen a spirit . "
brosnan conducted her exchange task using grapes and cucumbers with chimpanzees as well as capuchins . 
and back me upif someone ' s shooting at me . 
i need you three .  .  .  to shuffle her loose the mortal coil . 
"but if you must know ,  we are the rejected ,  the humiliated . "
"gradually ,  guo started to like the students ,  who have a strong will to learn . "
and that is why he is great and we ' ll remember him . 
nao :  i arranged them by imagining the world view of each song . 
"and we do that ,  as human beings ,  in all sorts of fields . "
he faced up to 70 years in the us jail if convicted . 
literature ecological aesthetics is established on the basis of the harmonious relation between human and nature .  it takes systematic integration as its thinking character and art aesthetic experience as life feelings in order to comprehend and appreciate the existing loveliness of human beings . 
josiah franklin often played hymns at home in the evening . 
even if we want to think hard about reasons why we should never do it . 
spread out .   / i ' m gonna take five .   / cut them off . 
she was trying hard to disgorge a fish bone . 
i haven ' t heard his voice in ages . 
"the service allows you to bring up to 250 viewers into the same room ,  share your screen with them ,  chat ,  send files around to your attendees ,  and ,  like the others ,  offers ios and android apps for remote viewing . "
"the economic sector is the target for 14 . 1 percent of total expenditure forecast for next year ,  while the defense and policing sectors account for 12 . 7 of spending . "
he also said his government is open to talks with russia about the crisis . 
"believing that he could polish off the russians at any time ,  he turned his attention to augustus . "
you do understand why they had to die don ' t you ? 
"“they need good coverage from the media ,  ""  he says . "
"if you are happy about something ,  you ' ll go more to the left side . "
 ?  oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh o - oh  ? 
the epoxy / glass fiber cloth interface has much stronger reinforcing effect than the epoxy / short -  cut glass fiber . 
and then this boy he was in the parade he said to the policemen i shouldn ' t be arrested . 
there are two things involved  -  -  two parts to the explanation . 
so we bought a derelict hotel near cape town . 
if i had to sum it up in one word it would be unpredictability . 
the effect of counterpressure casting parameters on secondary dendrite arm spacing  ( sdas )  of a 357 alloy was studied . 
the only time in the long calender of the year . 
my family did everything they could . 
where it had all started for him . 
"and i had kept in good shape ,  but swimming ' s a whole different animal . "
details about the tailor ' s tail are available from the prevailing dailies . 
"if you find these in error or would like to contribute to this list ,  please send me an e  -  mail . "
this is a telescope that penetrates to the remote parts of the universe . 
i just feel likei ' m so close to finding him . 
i should have chosen a site lower down . 
"over the northern reaches of the tundra ,  no sunlight can be seen at all for several months of the year . "
we married right out of high school . 
"or no ,  that didn’t sound right — that was what his mother used to call his boyhood room . "
"rhoda ' s willowy figure ,  modish straw hat ,  and fuchsia gloves and shoes surprised janice . "
"unlucky in love ?  never fear ,  big data is breaking down the mysteries of romance to help singles find their perfect ,  mathematical ,  match .  wang chenxi ,  quan xiaoshu and qu ting of china features take a look at what happens when one plus one equals two . "
"it must therefore constrain us simply in virtue of our rationality ,  and not because of any particular desires or preferences we might have . "
"more important ,  it is hard to believe that vast accumulations of low - yielding foreign assets ,  so vulnerable to the almost inevitable appreciation of the renminbi against the dollar ,  make sense for the chinese themselves . "
it isn ' t that i ' ve been missing something . 
"in fact ,  a lot of this use coming from unites states ,  k - through - 12 schools"
"so , we suggested :  ( 1 ) to enhance the afp diagnostic ability and case reporting awareness of the medical workers , especially those of village ,  town and county levels ; "
aim :  to evaluate the clinical effect of treatment for plaque induced gingivitis with and borax cream . 
"i really feel at home on stage ,  i ' m among friends . "
"most girls are between the ages of twelve and fourteen ,  with some even younger . "
we pooled our money and got you a cart
"which is that ,  unlike what you read in economics textbooks , "
"wearers are additionally asked about how much exercise they do ,  as well as how much they weigh before receiving a score . "
and nowhere else is there a better example of this
"when you were lying here ,  sprawled in the dust ,  all i wanted to do was protect you . "
"the conviction that there was some way out surged back into him ,  strong and powerful ,  and ,  in his present state ,  condemning and paralyzing . "
"if he was trying to protect her he ’d have his arm around her ,  they ’d be shoulder to shoulder . "
then the absorbance is calculated as concentration of aq from working curve . 
"cities are only two percent of the earth ' s crust , "
"that i know each of you will have asked yourself at some point or other , "
"so we go out and play with it ,  and then we see how it acts , "
"if you ' re referring to me as butt buddy ,  yes ,  i do have a name . "
"and i told her i was coming to ted ,  and she said , "
said she was lookin '  for her family . 
like this hideaway furniture that ' s made in the same wood as your floor
and the 26  -  year  -  old is relishing the chance to add honours in england to his personal cv . 
"speaking to supporters outside cleveland ,  ohio ,  he said it was critical that as many people go to the polls as possible . "
"but if you picked up your bag ,  everybody in this room"
"portugal is a privileged partner in this area as it“has a sophisticated financial system and can gather resources within the european union that can be channelled into the activity ,  ”of producing ecological fuels ,  he said . "
"she was to testify last month ,  but illness and an accident forced a postponement . "
"this time ,  i want both of you to come to the domestic terminal at gimpo airport . "
she excels the rest of the class in english . 
roadblocks spring up along your routes and troops demand money to pass . 
2008 ▪ roger federer ▪ roger federer wins his 5th consecutive us open chamiponship title defeating andy murray at final with 6 - 2 7 - 5 6 - 2 .  he was the first after bill tilden 1924 to have achieved this feat . 
your friend rooster does not collect many prisoners . 
"first ,  i would like to show you the layout of this arcade . "
"you guys all read the script ,  right ? "
so this has nothing to do with my ethnicity ? 
"well ,  is there any place you feel comfortable singing ? "
a good healthy body is worth abundance a crown in gold . 
"it ' s pretty rough ,  but you can definitely hear someone say  "" patty ,  "" "
"i had started a small company several years ago .  i worked hard to make it successful .  it was a sign  - making business .  it was a small company ,  not a blue chip company .  it was not known nationally for the quality of its signs .  it did not make millions of dollars in profits .  and it was private .  it was not a public company with shares traded on the stock market . "
jim was able to keep his anger in to avoid a fight . 
this reminds me of the palisades . 
"for the fact if they are man - fish ,  automatically they are less disciplined of the one that the ones that are not man - fish . "
"however ,  ben kwong ,  strategist at kgi capital asia in hong kong ,  says it is not yet clear if the rate cut will have a long - term impact . "
it is not the light intensity – but light quality or composition –that plays a decisive role in regulating nectar production in the lima bean . 
his refusal was worded in such a graceful way that we could not be offended . 
"an adjustment to 75 %  and 76 %  ,  respectively ,  of the initial alue occurred within the first hour . "
" "" so x had to precede her in the booth .  "" "
"courses decrease in each higher grade ,  hence the decline of students '  physical quality for lack of physical exercises .  there fore it is extremely necessary to emphasize the important place of extra - curriculum p .  e .  in education ,  to have a better understanding of its nature ,  aim ,  content ,  status guo and to solve the existing problems . "
"data mining seeks to extract patterns from large sets of data using ,  among other things ,  statistical methods ,  artificial intelligence ,  and standard database management techniques . "
may be they are simply great enough to receive without misgiving . 
"albumin (  albumen )  :  natural protein ,  soluble in water and most commonly found in the albumins ,  the colloid used for certain dichromated sensitizes employed in photomechanical process . "
"graphite intercalation compounds  ( gics )  were synthesized by mixed molt method ,  with graphite flake used as host and the fecl 3 alcl 3 used as guest . "
"as i was preparing to cut the meat ,  white men came upon me . "
you going to come and see me off ? 
with the generation of the city as one applies a methodology
"accustom yourself continually to make many acts of love ,  for they enkindle and melt the soul . "
i continued to dog roger all over the country . 
armand is not who you think he is . 
everyone yelled at me to hurry up since the kid was panicking and trying to take his mouth off the curb edge . 
"the cops and firefighters knew they might take heat from the hundreds of thousands of subway ,  bus and commuter line riders ,  as well as motorists ,  who would be delayed in the evening rush . "
"according to angolan newspaper jornal de angola ,  dos santos spoke on monday during the opening ceremony of official talks between ministerial delegations of angola and zambia ,  on the state visit of the president of zambia ,  levy mwanawasa ,  to angola"
had to bring an army to kill one person ? 
there is no effective way to insulate a window air conditioner . 
"part of the problem ,  you see ,  is not only that these two words are spelt very similarly ,  often pronounced the same ,  but their meanings are also very similar  -  one ' s a noun ,  one ' s a verb . "
"banker suicides aren ' t a new phenomenon .  clusters of them in quick succession occurred during the great depression and during the recent great recession .  indeed ,  research has shown that suicides can be contagious ,  so to speak .  that is particularly true when graphic and sensational reports of the fatalities lead to copycats ,  according to the american association of suicidology .  so the recent untimely deaths have sparked concerns that there could be more on the way .  j .  p .  morgan spokesman joe evangelisti says the company has sent notices reminding employees that 24  /  7 mental health - related support resources are available at the bank ,  and that its hearts go out to the families of the deceased . "
what do foxes do better than any other animal ? 
"what were the track conditions like ,  given there was a serious rain  -  storm last night ? "
 #  that ' s how she knows that you love her
"the npy  -  containing nerve fibers were mainly localized around acini ,  ducts and blood vessels . "
lately he has been moaning about his insomnia and headache . 
they ' d change the subject and we would move on . 
my grandfather gave him back his pistol and the german gave my grandfather the sigaret . 
"jh :  oh ,  let ' s hope so .  oh ,  my god ,  let ' s . "
and i moved to the ukraine and it was cold and everyone had guns and smelled like soup . 
"when he tried to fish out his cigarettes ,  the boy waiting together with him to start on the assassination saw him come up with his ticket stub and then carefully put it back . "
people spent so much of their money on health issues and drinking water . 
"one who sets forth a claim ,  especially a claimant to a throne . "
"you see ,  in fact ,  that this thing is way too small to be anything like that . "
i hope i never make you mad . 
"oh ,  my god ,  so she wants you to break it off"
that can cause the whole planet to heat up . 
a similar effect flattens the debris disks around stars and the gaseous disks of spiral galaxies . 
"when the mind is occupied with a monotonous task ,  it can stimulate the subconscious into a eureka moment . "
"while it remains a burden assiduously avoided .   .   .   .   .   . it is not unexpected and thusnot beyond a measure of control .   .   .   .   .   . which has ied you ,  inexorably .   .   .   .   .   . here . "
"and he ' s probably not having a lot of sex right now , "
the winners of this match will go on to meet defending champions .  .  . 
for manycompanies the aim is to prepare themselves for future environmentallegislation . 
"dude ,  if it ' s two holes ,  it might not be that bad . "
"the government has been trying for the past few years to moderate economic growth .  but a number of measures ,  including several increases in interest rates last year ,  have failed to make much of an impact on the roaring economy . "
"i think you are a cop ,  my son . "
"therefore ,  to some people the process of applying for a job nerve  -  wracking and incredibly difficult . "
her electroscope was a metal case with two holes in its side . 
"he said that he would never do it ,  because to do so would be to lose face . "
my back muscles ache from shoveling snow in walkways and driveway . 
"so ,  i ' ll show  -  -  well ,  this is science ,  so we ' ll do a controlled experiment . "
"i was told that when he makes his appearance ,  i was supposed to shut up . "
"i thought :  if i run ,  there is something in it for me . "
"xie lin ,  29 ,  a product manager in huawei technologies co ltd ,  has worked in germany for nine months .  he agreed :  “foreigners separate work and life .  they treat you well in the office ,  but never invite you to a family party . ”"
"from what i hear ,  it ain ' t luck . "
"if that boy ' s good and innocent ,  i ' il eat my own head ,  sir . "
"in that same year ,  the angolan economy could overtake the nigerian economy ,  which is the continent ' s second largest ,  the economic report on angola for 2006 showed . "
"thus it was proposed to designate the new race as race 4the fungus - carrying seeds , when imbued with fung meibo ( 0 . 1 %  effective gradience )  + 0 . 1 %  water solution of pingping - jia for one hour , were disinfected with 100 %  efficiency . "
they are trying to arouse sympathy for their cause . 
"luanda ,  angola ,  8 jan–investments in oil exploration in angola in 2006 totaled us $ 10 billion ,  a year on year rise of around 37 percent ,  angola ' s oil minister ,  desid ério costa ,  said in luanda friday . "
i am going to hot up some food for you . 
we should merely report on what reputable parties have said about it . 
"he ' s really moving ,  punching lights all the way . "
"now you mark me .  i ask no questions ,  nor i won ' t let others . "
"years of searching and refining ,  finding the right powers that can coexist in one body without ripping it apart . "
"in other words ,  if he was heading north ,  he would turn around and start walking south :  the opposite direction . "
don’t forget the limbo if you’re having a hawaiian theme bbq . 
"a white house spokesman says the united states will provide appropriate aid and says some relief is already on its way to sri lanka and the maldives .  u . s .  officials say they will provide further assistance in cooperation with other countries and international organizations ,  including the united nations . "
"higher temperatures will dry up arable land in some pacific countries ,  many of which are already poor and experiencing widespread malnutrition . "
"the survey ,  led by chinese and international academics ,  covered 17 , 708 individuals across 28 of china ' s 31 provinces and was partly funded by the chinese government through a science foundation . "
"and that little hut right there has a pump in it ,  and that ' s what people do : "
he said :   ' this friendship between an 11 pound wiener dog and a 500 pound lion is the only of it ' s kind in the world ever seen . 
"a large relationship network ,  carefully cultivated ,  can beleveragedto meet the right people ,  find jobs ,  build businesses ,  learn about new trends ,  spread ideas ,  etc . "
"instead ,  be reserved ,  say thanks ,  and give a concise ,  even self - deprecating summary of what you do . "
deadly weapons ;  a deadly spill of radioactive waste products . 
"look at him in bed ,  he looks so adorable . "
"according to a new study ,  women prefer brainy ,  creative men to jock types when looking for long - term relationships and one -  night stands . "
don ' t you have anything better to do ? 
"it has since been adapted for use in airports ,  to measure conditions over runways . "
"in addition ,  some habits are easier toimplementfirst thing in the morning ,  particularly activities like exercise , meditationor keeping a journal . "
"it ' s a truck ,  usually .  there are also balloons  -  big ,  huge ,  gigantic balloons of snoopy and other cartoon characters ,  and it ' s a fun time for children . "
how in the hell - o will they fix this plane ?  ! 
food was sered in their cells where the only table was their toilet . 
take us to defcon 3 and get sac on the line . 
took all the flavor out of the remaining years . 
if any other clause in this contract is in conflict with the supplementary conditions the supplementary conditions should be taken as final and binding . 
" "" europe should not have two jets fighting each other ,  ""  says zafar khan ,  a defence - industry analyst at societe generale ,  a french bank .  the next generation of european fighter jets ,  he says ,  should be a more co - ordinated effort . "
then they told me how this guy named joseph smith
how is a man chased from his home ? 
we ' re the only ones who don ' t have the price set right . 
catherine :  prevention is the best way to keep skin smooth and ageless . 
i ' ve had about as much of this as i care to . 
"a special issue on the question ,   "" did an asteroid kill the dinosaurs ?  "" "
"in the process of developing the gmdss operation simulator ,  all simulation objectives are realized by software . "
folks were cheering back east in times square on thursday night when the los angeles lakers were vanquished . 
the latest count of democratic party superdelegates shows barack obama has eliminated hillary clinton ' s lead among the officials who will decide the party ' s nomination for president . 
you wanna tell me what ' s going on ? 
"it sounds like a lot ,  but it is literally 18 minutes of what we ' re spending in iraq  -  - "
"i want you to estimate the height of the building .  "" "
"work in an area with a window that looks out on trees ,  grass ,  gardens ,  or other natural environments . "
"however ,  i think we will come through it but not all businesses will survive . "
these patients are under the charge of dr wilson . 
and how many years its been since he left ! 
made a lot of money on him . 
it is best done at the end of the day before retiring to bed . 
pressure groups exist .  in fact they abound in the american political system . 
the klingon captain wishes to name his terms . 
maybe new york was getting back to being new york again after this event  -  - 
he reduced the old lady to a condition of complete cowardice . 
"if everything goes according to plan ,  i shall be back before dark . "
i wouldn ' t know what to do with one if i caught it . 
the first rule fight club is you do not talk about fight club . 
i felt my flesh crawl as he described the murder . 
"slit his wrist ,  did a little self - surgery ,  turned himself into a eunuch ,  right ? "
"in order for you to act on your objective ,  it must be actionable . "
"on the occasion of my first visit ,  we toured his house"
i tried to emphasize my good points without sounding boastful . 
and you probably feel them if you grabbed it . 
this is worth 25 per cent of your grade . 
"with their food gone ,  the survivors were up a creek without a paddle . "
"we haven ' t much time ,  please speak to the subject . "
"the transfer fees ,  permission fees or the price obtained with party a ' s approval shall be used in the first place to advance the payoff of the creditor ' s rights or the deposit pledged . "
for what was glorious has no glory now in comparison with the surpassing glory . 
"in addition to creating life - long memories with my family ,  another wonderful thing happened as a result of this bike trip . "
calculation of the b - m theory of phenomenological theory of martensite transformation by use of matlab5 . 3
little alfred finally got what he wanted for christmas . 
"with all the rosy news of the past year and the overall gains ,  it is easy to lose sight of the volatility that has been wreaking havoc on these fortunes on a daily basis for months . "
and compress them into very short - term kind of experiences . 
"i shall not know that till it comes ,   ' he said ,   ' i ' m only half conscious of it now . "
"they became motionless ,  gripped in each other ' s arms ,  four unwinking eyes aimed and two mouths open . "
"tear them again ,  and i ' il tear you apart . "
"all right ,  all my food ' s labeled ,  so i ' il know if you ate anything . "
but you know i haveraised one wonderful boy . 
" "" curry：dish or sauce in indian cuisine .  it is seasoned with a mixture of spices often including turmeric ,  cumin ,  coriander ,  ginger ,  as well as garlic and chiles .  some of the curry spices are known for their antiseptic and preservative properties .  "" "
"deliver me ,  o lord ,  from my enemies ;  i take refuge in you . "
"“we also have programmes to help local smes to promote their products ,  ”the ipim chairman said . "
"it is the dream of almost every young lady to have a beautiful ,  memorable wedding ceremony ,  with all her friends present . "
for a year or two it looked promising – but rebalancing stopped . 
being able to wait is a sign of true love and patience．anyone can say she loves you but not everyone can wait for you．
"look ,  i know what blowing off a woman looks like ,  okay ? "
notlike those asshole deer in new jersey . 
"therefore ,  the cppcc hereby announces its right to call this meeting . "
our dialogue in this episode is a phone call between a person looking for some music and the clerk  -  or the person who works at the music store . 
"it provides a blueprint for the inter  -  team communication that is essential not only for meeting business goals ,  but also for performing effective engineering . "
we selected 10 of audiences '  favourite sexy diva -  -  from the vampire diaries '  nina dobrev and revenge ' s emily vancamp to glee ' s lea michele and gossip girl ' s blake lively  -  -  and we want to know which lady you love best . 
the stiffness of the elements in this case would be that of a supporting pier or elastomeric bearing pad or a combination of these . 
and they could manage their work lives to fit in with the daily routines of school drop - off and cooking dinner . 
"men on the left ,  women on right . "
and she went to a neurologist who was fascinated . 
the swing in favour of riskier assets reflects expectations that the us federal reserve will maintain its stimulus programme at least until the start of next year while it assesses the damage done by the us government shutdown . 
and you know what the sad part is ? 
such is the power of suggestion that within two minutes the patient is asleep . 
"it is assumed that he masterminded the attack ,  some distance from the capital . "
"you guys all read the script ,  right ? "
such enormous facial asymmetry hardly ever happens anymore . 
"and i ' m going to create this in two years , "
"all the same ,  i ' d avoid potholes if i were you . "
people with renal diseases have to eat salt - free foods . 
"britain ' s opposition conservative party leader ,  david cameron ,  said mr .  brown should not have overstated the drawback when he announced it in october . "
" "" i ' ll be right back ,  honey ,  ""  i assure her ,  barely registering her crestfallen expression . "
if you ' ve got a sense of humor . 
surely there is a limit to what one can bear . 
"in china ,  a traditional big square table usually dines eight persons . "
but there are some conversational tactics which is useful to highlight . 
it doesn ' t feel good to be betrayed . 
"wind tunnel tests were performed on damaged "" tomahawk ""  multipurpose cruise missile to get aerodynamic characteristics parameters under the conditions of the different mach number , attack angle and side slip angle .  the effect rules of bend angle of the wing on lateral force coefficient , yawing moment coefficient , lift force coefficient and frontal drag coefficient were obtained . "
you can ' t tell me you wouldn ' t love to see water poured up those savages '  noses . 
"so if you take into account future generations as much as our own , "
"also ,  never try to feed or go near one of the animals . "
"we flew over the north pole of titan and found ,  again , "
my associates tell me you believe him to be freelance . 
you  ' re not supposedto read at the table . 
"you will recall that in 1976 ,  june 16 ,  the students of south africa boycotted"
he plunged his sword right into the heart of his enemy . 
"you put these together ,  and you get the feel of a person . "
the suggestion box is only there if you really mess up . 
"since her move state side earlier this year ,  feng adjusted her criteria accordingly :  now she hopes to find a  ' real american '  with an ivy league degree . "
"once things went bad last year ,  that turned into a drastic “great recoupling” . "
"oh lord ,  won ' t you buy me a night on the town ? "
"no ,  we said some things we didn ' t mean ,  but it ' s not over . "
you ' re not the only one who uses the internet . 
he said his plan had the virtue of being the easiest to implement . 
"dr .  v :  i used to sit with the ordinary village man because i am from a village , "
sometimes i carry a book out under the pear trees and sit in the dappled shade . 
state department officials say assistant secretary for african affairs jendayi frazer is not going to kenya to try to mediate the election dispute or to prescribe any particular solution to the conflict that has spurred widespread rioting and hundreds of deaths . 
"and for the gate of the court shall be an hanging of twenty cubits ,  of blue ,  and purple ,  and scarlet ,  and fine twined linen ,  wrought with needlework :  and their pillars shall be four ,  and their sockets four . "
"this machine ,  which we all have residing in our skulls , "
keep it short .  say as much as you can in as few words as possible .  there’s no need to thank every single person you know . 
"and one of my final points i want to mention ,  is"
an unconfirmed source adds that chen xiaoxu has been following the buddhist life credo for seven years . 
i ' m going to see ron and have it out with him ;  this dispute has gone on long enough . 
i told you to look at the damn flowers ! 
the then current concept of heredity through pangenesis implied a blending process . 
the owners were forced to transfer the waste to a new site . 
"and ,  hence ,  the eight times more common incidence of synesthesia"
what are they doing to these prawns ? 
i am not trying to steal them . 
"if fountainhead by the defecate of armour liver patient or other fecal pollution ,  often can cause armour liver to erupt popular . "
i didn ' t know who i would be if i changed . 
"it is brow above all ,  always the woman of one word eyebrow ,  technology of sexual intercourse be thinkinged not beautiful ,  lack the attitude of bashful ,  cannot get the man ' s favor . "
"so ,  the question is how do you go from the mud - hut village , "
from these countries  -  -  where they don ' t have any opportunities  -  -  together
you oughta see these littlebastards screaming and punching each other all day long . 
the traditional pagerank algorithm was reviewed .  the problems of rank - leaking and dangle - pages were discussed . 
"i wrote horse face on her ,  so you ' d remember who she was .  "" "
the number of the personnel and the extent of the services and treatment conditions are specified in annex vii to the contract . 
"our father ,  who ar in heaven .  .  .  hallowed be thy name . "
"you can also look at the additional things some of them will have ,  such as vitamins and minerals ,  or body building supplements such as creatine . "
" "" researchers have found having sex twice a week can help bolster a person ' s immune system ,  burn excess blubber ,  and ease anxiety ,  ""  zinczenko said . "
ignore these additional costs will result in the transaction of business performance and expectations match . 
"and while the other students were trying to push theassailantsout ,  it was then that one of the attackers threw a bottle straight in the face of the female student , ” according to jousserand . "
"set your hearts on things above ,  where christ is at the right hand of god . "
"complexes contain archetypal images that lie latent in the unconscious until being somehow stimulated ,  at which time they can ,  in certain cases ,  take complete or partial possession of the personality . "
he took a bad rap on the head when he fell . 
james 2 :  7 do not they blaspheme that worthy name by the which ye are called ? 
"in order to produce excellent malt , the malting technology in saladin box and its main operational points were studied in this paper on the basis of analyzing the quality and characteristic of schooner barley of south australia . "
o .  k .  i ' ll go with you .   -  -  that ' s more like it . 
she said that watching jasper examine the teddy bear was like watching atoddlermeet a new friend . 
previous rescue attempts had to be abandoned because of treacherous conditions . 
i ' m responsible for the town car . 
"genuine shock ,  genuine surprise ,  pupil dilation ,  elevated heartbeat . "
"but the intrigued bartender really needs to find out ,  and offers the guy drinks on the house all night long if he lets him in on the secret . "
"hey ,  celeste ,  could i ask you a quick question ? "
"if you ' re going to try this ,  remember ride - sharing services each have their own style . "
"no insurance charges ,  no collection charges ,  no delivery charges ,  no minimum charges . "
"all the information is there ,  but you have to hunt for it . "
"if the use of animal food be ,  in consequence ,  subversive to the peace of human society ,  how unwarrantable is the injustice and barbarity which is exercised toward these miserable victims . "
"one has to stumble over his life and accept his fate ,  poor or rich ,  willing or not . "
comeuppance is a customary content in chinese novers and traditional operas . 
no  -  tillage stubble measures can effectively control wind erosion and prevent desertification in horqin sandy land . 
"as i said ,  don ' t stare at the light flash , "
"we can measure the speeds of these galaxies ,  their orbital velocities , "
judge nicholas coleman gave the chinese thug four years in a young offenders '  institute . 
" "" we run a dredge survey ,  and then they decide whether it needs dredging or if we can buoy  [ identify ]  it ,  ""  bequette explained .  if we can buoy it ,  certainly that is the quickest solution .  obviously the further it drops the more dredging sites are going to pop up .  "" "
"the mode number and the frequencies range ,  which were considered during calculating the wind - induced responses of large cantilevered roof by using the method of frequency domain ,  were analysed and discussed ,  according to the results of wind tunnel tests of bahamas and guinea stadium grandstand cantilevered roofs ,  and the rules that rms displacement and rms internal force responses under strong wind force changing with participant modes number and frequencies range were obtained ,  and which could be explained from the point of wind pressure power spectrum densities of the measured points on surface of the roof . "
i write you a glowing letter of recommendation and six months from now you have a better job than you ever had here . 
a decision is a choice made from amongalternativecourses of action that areavailable . 
27 billion dollars .  whereas  -  -  and this went to our reserves  -  - 
total investment in the petronas - enh exploration is estimated at us $ 70 million . 
how do you think they ' re gonna react ? 
too much effort moving the eyes back and forth . 
zillah urging flakes of flame up the chimney with a colossal bellows ;  and mrs . 
"and don ' t repeat this ,  but god ,  i don ' t want to end up like debbie . "
"you should tell your dad ,  you know . "
there ' s a swat team on the stairwell . 
results :  ribavirin glucose injection had no influence on the sensitivity of the differential tal . 
"i have to get going ,  okay ? "
what then shall we say ?  should we continue in sin that grace may abound ? 
"and i said ,   "" well ,  how do you hear it ?  "" "
"you get what you want , and i get to go .  .  . "
"a computer network is supposed to operate 24 hours a day ,  365 days a year . "
"due east into the range ,  into very interesting territory  -  -  except that , "
at that time the news was on the lips of the villagers . 
then he practices for another and takes lessons  -  -  now he ' s 10 . 
both couples were referred to couples therapy with experienced marital therapists . 
" ' and that ' s exactly what the term ' living life to the full '  means  -  it ' s getting to that point in life where you are enjoying each moment ,  from the thrills and adventures to the routine of everyday . "
"yes ,  there are profound disagreements ,  but fix the practical problems ,  and many obstacles toward a fruitful partnership will eventually melt away . "
their pope can just stick his head out anytime he wants and watch all of us down here ? 
"as a lawyer ,  obama learned how to make strong ,  convincing arguments .  as a professor ,  he learned how to explain complex subjects in ways that helped students understand without boring them .  as a writer ,  he learned how to use language to have a powerful impact on his audience .  star musician will . i . am even turned one of obama ' s early speeches into a song during the election campaign . "
animal loving photographer jen lockridge spent more than an hour watching the pups play with their mother at maryland zoo in baltimore . 
then they lined up the players and had them take turns calling the pitches themselves . 
and really this case remains something of a mystery . 
"firstly ,  it introduced ug modeling essential and the methods of applying kbe in model operation . "
"beijing said that the new measures would slow high economic growth levels and protect the environment ,  one of the biggest victims of rapid economic growth . "
"starting from the origin of garment ,  the paper narrates the evolution of the underwear function . "
and then there was good design for very low price . 
that lets us think about what other people are thinking . 
"let ' s stop that right now ,  all right ? "
" "" if you want the truth to stand clear before you ,  never be for or against . "
"his writing ,  like his works in other media ,  lets us enter into something like the fullness of lived experience . "
"after the initial panic that gripped the training camp ,  officials say they have managed to restore calm .  one beihang faculty member at the facility said that by the weekend the more than 2 , 000 students still being housed in the training facility were in a  "" positive mood ""  . "
and to protect ourselves in case he ' s up to no good ? 
he has learnt to deal properly with all kinds of complicated situations . 
" "" and i also know how important it is in life"
"for example the physics lore ,  carry through teaching design according as my "" physics of junior high school study community ' s whole teaching design model ""  . "
"in governance structure design of private enterprise ,  it is most important to solve efficient allocation of control right among owner ,  family member and non - family managers .  it is necessary to design an efficient incentive - restraint mechanism to furthest reduce agent cost between owner and non - family managers . "
your father seemed pleased to see you . 
you can add a third dimensionality to the film . 
"because i was in the hospital after ,  i think it was my fourth round of chemo"
"now ,  this suggests that if you could just block waterborne transmission , "
when trying to describe what it would be like in one of those jets . 
"it was an innocent deception ,  meant as a joke . "
"so as you settled into relaxation at the end of a hard day , "
"in the other two possible endings ,  qingchuan may be forced to get married to yinzhen ,  the man she doesn’t love ,  while her husband yinsi may end up dying in prison .  but most palace fans did not seem to want such surprises . "
"when soft - serve arrived in the uk ,  j lyons was indeed at the forefront – but it had teamed up with the us ice - cream behemoth mister softee and operated franchises under that name . "
"please come ,  you will have a living room"
"i woke up a couple of days ago ,  and for the first time ,  it bothered me that it wasn ' t only my parents who hadn ' t heard from chris . "
"we need to learn stuff like this ,  too . "
"the lander ,  another part of the chang ' e - 3 probe ,  also  "" fell asleep ""  earlier on friday . "
an international scientific study suggests that the children of older fathers are at greater risk of suffering some form of mental disorder . 
"the launch of important infrastructure projects is expected this year ,  including the airport ,  new roads ,  dams and port facilities ,  and chinese construction companies are expected to bid ,  though facing“stiff competition ”from their korean ,  indonesian and malaysian counterparts . "
these routes to happiness haven ' t really increased happiness very much . 
what about the land you told me you wanted to buy ? 
you don ' t wanna go making no babies till you ' re sixteen and can support it . 
treat disease you have to first know what you ' re treating  -  - 
there ' s a lot of blood vessels going to skeletal muscle . 
"so ,  “hobnobbing” is probably considered a little more negatively . "
the old man put his lunch box aside and started singing along and even started dancing ! 
"jumping jeepers ,  the cotter pin sheared off . "
someone left a can of soda by the keyboard . 
of every variety of agricultural crop that can be stored in a frozen state
"this is another one that people have wrong fairly frequently .  you ' ve heard people call 9 / 11 a travesty .  truth be told 9 / 11 was a tragedy .  a travesty is actually a mockery or a parody .  one might say that a weird al yankovic album is a travesty .  with how often this word is associated with tragedy ,  we wouldn ' t be shocked if that definition were eventually added as an acceptable meaning .  until then ,  it doesn ' t mean anything bad happened . "
"it would be an office building ,  a conference center , "
"i don ' t know whether to ,  you know ,  drop to my knees ,  cry ; "
"we often tend to associate smiling as the result of a positive event or mood .  but research demonstrates that the act of smiling ,  in and of itself ,  can be the catalyst for joy .  wonderful things ,  ranging from an improved mood to a better relationship ,  can be the result of the simple act of smiling .  even better ,  it is a tool that is free ,  easy and always available .  so turn the corners of your mouth upwards and read on about five scientifically backed reasons why you should smile  ( a lot )  more .  hopefully ,  by the time you ' re done you ' ll have learned something new and will be in a better mood ! "
"all you do is look at the roof ,  and it ' s a really shitty experience . "
"mrs .  hylton ,  if she doesn ' t live with you .  .  .  how is it her ring was stolen from here ? "
"take the bao longyu test area high slope consolidate study for example ,  we reacha conclusion according to project background and geological data :  γ _ 5 ~ 1 granite slopesuffers from structure damage and strong weathering ,  weathering is about 20 m deep , shape and slope are the same ,  the fully - developed joint in granite、the rift are alse the same as slope ,  making it direct - shaped slope . "
" "" it ' s always good to come to the party first ,  in all different aspects ,  whether it be television or film or a vegas residency ,  ""  says hicks .   "" i think this is just one of those instances where the opportunity to be the first idol to have a vegas show was perfect fit .  "" "
"the lack of career opportunities remains a key downside .  zhang yi ,  a researcher at the institute of sociology in the chinese academy of social sciences ,  said :  “compared with metropolises ,  second and third - tier cities provide fewer attractive positions for young people because of their limited size . "
focused crawler is a subject - oriented information retrieval system .  it can meet the users '  need and retrieve information that is relevant to some specific subjects from the web automatically . 
"yes ,  yes ,  go to the roof right now . "
"it ' s grown in my mind ,  and then it ' s grown in terms of"
i went to the shed and got my shovel .  i was going to dig out the rock . 
you just passed the course with flying colors . 
"hildy ,  you led me to expect you were marrying a much older man . "
"however ,  you must never offer to do something in the future if you don’t mean it . "
"i ' m convinced is the most fucked up ,  crazy place"
robbie went to pick up the clip  -  on bow ties . 
we know that the culture and art is inherited from generation to generation in the development of history and any form of arts is not created out of thin air . 
you must also get your phonetics right before you string your words nicely in sentences . 
"thanks .   ""  he found his aroma lacked a certain appeal"
"these include sessions of judo ,  badminton and water polo . "
miners paint a picture of an already resurgent chinese economy that would allow for small reduction . 
the fundamental cause of his success is his hard work . 
"you don ' t want to be doing this ,  mr .  han .  .  . "
the asr trade expo is the largest action sports lifestyle industry show in the world . 
"for a few added dollars to the price of a seat ,  you can have unlimited access to some standard ball park favorites . "
"explosions were also heard near the  "" green zone ,  ""  the heavy security area that houses the iraqi government and the u . s .  embassy .  but ,  it is not clear if anyone was injured . "
"in the construction materials sector ,  revenues rose just 4 . 5 percent to 1 . 28 billion hong kong dollars . "
we ` re not exactly the march of dimes . 
i will be there waiting for you
"the obama administration has not commented on these reports .  however ,  intelligence officials have investigated the possible involvement of al - qaida in the film . "
he told the dallas morning news :   ' i was so embarrassed when i got the school pictures back that second year and realized i had worn the very same thing as the first year .  .  . 
i mentioned earlier that you can sometimes have a family member who is related to an american citizen . 
"if one of the deputy sheriffs goes too far ,  the prisoner comes to me ! "
my manager is a total freak show . 
"in the east ,  they reached lichtenberg ,  mahlsdorf and karlshorst . "
because i think that we just might be about 150 years
"if you ' re 20 +  years of age ,  you should not be asking things like ,  “yo ,  where the graduation parties at ?  ! ”"
this has nothing to do with my ship or the federation ! 
the script for this episode was written by our own dr .  lucy tse . 
you said dad was your first love . 
"researchers at the university of minnesota found in a study of 48 students published last year that people working in a messy room came up with more creative ideas for new uses for ping - pong balls ,  compared with participants in a tidy room . "
the land of the free has become a legal minefield . 
would you like to see my bunghole ? 
i wanna see my fucking husband ! 
and the others will help him do it
"but if you’re not a big fan of bitter ,  chemists have just the loophole for you . "
don ' t allow a little dispute to put an end to a great friendship . 
"and  "" remarkable ""  is a really cool word because we think it just means neat , "
badly damaged cells simply die  -  -  the effect that gies sunburn its sting . 
"the same person ,  want to harm and want to do good . "
"that ' s the first sentence of this article ,  and three -  year - old jicky  -  is the name of the dog ,  jicky  -  so this is a three - year - old dog who “bounded into”  -  that verb ,  to bound ,  “bound , ” into ,  here means to walk into somewhere being happy  -  you are very happy to be there . "
"you ' re not gonna bother me today ,  randal . "
i thought disneyland was the friendliest place on earth . 
"the important thing in life is to have a great aim ,  and the determination to attain it .   ( johan wolfgang von goethe ,  german poet and dramatist ) "
"and before the war ,  you were the greatest mountain climber in the world .   ""  keith mallory ,  the human fly .  "" "
"analysts say india wants to ensure it is not left behind by china ,  which has made deep inroads into the continent .  african countries are emerging as a big market for indian goods as they post strong growth . "
"so that ' s your responsibility now ,  big boy . "
"4 cpa and 2 , 4 d could markedly retard defoliation of diseased leaves . "
i ' ve only ever lobotomized a couple of guys . 
"and you can ,  no matter what ,  you can ' t fucking untie me until it is done ,  until it is out of my system . "
"these qualities adorn the character of portia ,  and these go to accomplish a perfect woman . "
"it ' s an entertaining flick and all ,  and i can see why you like it ,  toby . "
"we ' re clogging the ocean ,  poisoning the planet ' s circulatory system , "
http pipelining is broken in many people ' s eyes since it does not permit out of order chunks across a single connection . 
donít treat them as if they were the product of a single indistinguishable culture . 
"names that you hadn ' t heard 20 years ago :  ebola ,  lhasa fever ,  monkey pox . "
"sonangol said that the dates for the start and end of the tender ,  the pre - qualification and respective terms of reference would be announced in good time . "
i advise you to polish up your article once more before you send it to the editor . 
"creditsuisse didn ' t require a governmentbailoutand avoided the legal problems that ensnared its swiss cousin ,  ubs ,  whose ceo oswald gruebel was paid  $ 2 . 8 million for his work in 2009 . "
"when two independent mps at last pledged the support she needed ,  ms gillard breathed relief . "
"we have said that fantine was joy , she was also modesty . "
"if i had an arranged marriage ,  would he let me play football ? "
in her last days she became whole . 
"i mean ,  let ' s face it ,  i ' m not the heroic type . "
"hu compared to the stars ,  even on the run jutan other acts did not ,  did not abscond ,  there is no natural  "" voluntary surrender ""  of qualifications and opportunities . "
and the kind of mathematics that we had for the previous skin
"everyone of us ,  more or less ,  is benefited from watching tv . "
"kelly giese ,  an account supervisor at bailey lauerman ,  an omaha ad agency ,  says she knows the mess on and around the desk of her colleague carter weitz helps fuel the stream of new ideas he generates . "
and i always said that they were really tough on me . 
learn how to back around an object when riding bareback  -  free video . 
but are they influential enough to sway people’s political views and their votes ? 
"you ' il have to swallow it sooner or later ,  so i suggest you get it over with . "
and you have my word it ' il not go up for a year . 
"a market where securities are traded ,  such as the new york stock exchange . "
he received a falling grade on the term paper . 
"in memma every agent is assigned to a mailbox ,  which is used to exchange message .  therefore the communication module is separated from the agent and the agent ' s scale is reduced . "
"so ,  keys provide an access to shelter and warmth  -  - "
"through changing the structure parameter ,  peoples can change propagation properties of pcf . "
"these cases included 14 eyes of rhegmategeous retinal detachment  ( 3 eyes of giant break )  , 4 eyes of closed globe injury , 11 eyes of open globe injury  ( purulent endophthalmitis in 2 eyes )  , 7 eyes of macular diseases , 5 eyes of miscellaneous vitreous hemorrhage , 4 eyes of eales '  disease , 3 eyes of acute retinal necrosis syndrome and 2 eyes of proliferative diabetic retinopathy . "
so they conjured up a plan to meet late at night
we provide our customers with good price and quality as well as excellent after - sales service . 
"the hotel has each kind of warm comfortable anteroom ,  the one - roomed ,  the standard the altogether 188 sets ,  is equipped with luxuriously elegant ,  style different size dining room 3 ,  each style repair luxurious major and medium small assembly hall 5 ,  the teahouse ,  the hall ,  the gymnasium ,  the cosmetology styles hair peace and happiness facility and so on the center has it all ,  lets you while advanced enjoy ,  prepared modernized facility ,  feels to our dear ones ,  is warm ,  highly effective ,  the sincere service . "
"conclusion : part of the reason about the complication is from the source of medicine .  active prevention , reasonable treatment and canonical operation is linchpin of decrease complication , increase curative effect . "
what the fuck you need a satellite radio for ? 
the closure of the large factory made many workers live in idleness . 
"so the final point here is that to understand how wikipedia works , "
"i know most people don ' t think of israel as a small island , "
which has a radius just twice the size of the earth . 
can i have some of that bacon ? 
i suffered the indignity of having to say i was sorry in front of all those people . 
"you know ,  you and i had a very strong bond once . "
so to say evolution is just a theory is actually an argument for it and not against it . 
with all kinds of little interesting threads coming off it . 
they are taking steps to keep down the rabbit population . 
"the foundations of artificial neural network ,  adaptive noise canceling technology and digital signal processor are paper . "
don ' t cry down the very real progress these people have made . 
" "" we are saying that because israel is still in control ,  it is still the occupying power even though they  ( israel )  are not inside gaza ;  they control all the borders ,  the air and the sea space ,  ""  bailey said .   "" therefore whoever is in charge inside gaza ,  they are really powerless to control and economy that depends 90 percent on imports for any manufacturing or productivity .  "" "
you may just know more about everything than anyone . 
"with these production levels ,  mozambique ' s sugar industry will satisfy national demand of around 140 , 000 tons . "
"those steps could make it easier for north korea to receive desperately needed resources from the international community in the form of aid and commerce .  however ,  u . s .  lawmakers are pressing a measure that could delay the north ' s removal from the terrorism list until president bush can certify pyongyang has completely ended its nuclear capabilities . "
"you can use these benefits ,  tailored by industry ,  to help you profit by creating new leads and closing deals . "
we finally managed to talk them round to our way of thinking . 
is your blog different and standing out or are you using the same tactics as every other blogger ? 
this was an early collage comic by a fellow named jason lex . 
"through nature ,  the nature of the universe and the nature of man , "
"but it was ,  technically speaking  -  -  this is an aside  -  - "
"well ,  other than prejudice ,  what would stop us from saying the program was being creative ? "
look at what this does .  this is a simple piece of behavioral economics . 
the house of representatives approved a similar package earlier this month . 
the ruling follows a highly charged under - 21 international between serbia and england in october . 
"back in those days ,  dark matter was just a worthless inert curiosity ,  and i was smashing it in a particle accelerator ,  in an ill - conceived attempt to create a more durable harpsichord wax . "
"face the new century ,  the intergalactic person is very confident , creating the intergalactic plank industry international well - known brand in domestic ,  make use of for the expansion the development of the chinese environmental protection economy energy building materials make the contribution ,  with excellent product ,  perfect service and social the public friend the hand enters totally , createsing together for fine tomorrow . "
you know what this operation should be called ? 
"we think they must be blinded by religion ,  or by simple stupidity . "
"these tragedies come as asia prepares to mark the seventh anniversary on monday of the 2004 indian ocean earthquake and tsunami .  the tragedy claimed over 230 ,  000 lives across 14 countries ,  making it one of the deadliest natural disasters in history . "
"rany ,  danny come on lets get out of here come on ,  let ' s go ,  let ' s go . "
big flu epidemics were killing people around the globe . 
"and in the end ,  two rats chopped off his tongue and killed him . "
"although the average cost is 200 , 000 yuan ,  pan said many couples exceed that figure and while 10 million yuan might be an extreme example ,  1 million yuan is not uncommon . "
"one delegate at the conference said many are still uneasy ,  but most of the war veterans who had been at the forefront of the violence monday did not turn up when the conference resumed . "
us officer who helped test the robot said it was a more accurate shot than the average soldier because it is mounted on a stable platform takes aim electronically . 
"look ,  even if i did wanna cohorse nathaniel into psychiatry .  .  . "
"for the children of israel went for forty years through the wilderness until all the nation ,  the men of war who had come out of egypt ,  were consumed ,  because they did not listen to the voice of jehovah ,  they to whom jehovah swore that they would not see the land that jehovah had sworn to their fathers to give us ,  a land flowing with milk and honey . "
"visitors can still see the stone boxes sealed with clay that were used to soak limpets ,  employed as fishing bait . "
"well ,  we are going to empacar your things ,  we go . "
"for example ,  what happens when the automated process cannot find an available assessor ? "
"you know ,  your first dumping is the worst . "
those guyslook like a lame version of us . 
"usually ,  a - listers invited to a fashion show sit in the center area of the front row .  they are either personal friends of the designer ,  regular customers of the brand ,  or the brand’s spokesperson . "
and he told me that that spindly growth you see there in the center
"a swirl of people ,  their faces covered , "
she is now in hospital together with a child of just four believed to be her sister .  but they are also being guarded by armed police . 
"but once the book designer has read the text , "
"well ,  i think dr .  wexler isserious about having sex with me . "
"no matter when u end ,  you do not regret after ended . "
"yeah ,  i know that you ' re really busy with your hair appointments and your watsu massages and your attempts to stay young so your husband won ' t leave you ,  but here ' s an idea .  .  .  why don ' t you tryeating dinner with your child every once in a blue moon ? "
"in fact ,  infuriating the two stocks in your body"
"although the model seems to be simple ,  it can reflect the physical mechanism of rainfall  -  runoff process . "
"still ,  each bottler ' s shares jumped to new year  - highs and were up more than 8 percent in afternoon trading ,  with pepsico up 5 percent at  $ 59 .  00 . "
"based on the principles that porous material diffuses and silences noise ,  that micro pore construction absorbs sound ,  and that expansion chambers silence noise ,  the broadband muffler is made from the alloy honeycomb monolith . "
i wanted him to join us at arles . 
he sweated like a boar when i caught him . 
this time of year they cross back to africa . 
"the big part is dealing with the emotional residue of anger ,  fear and pain that they develop because they got invested in this in the first place . "
"hundreds of types with different sizes ,  toppings ,  and condiments . "
it is reasonable to assume that he knew beforehand that this would happen . 
a plan to conserve marine life in the antarctic ocean has been put on hold as 24 countries and the european union failed to reach an agreement on how to develop a network of protected zones . 
you must arrive at the airport two hours early . 
you must get it to him over the last span between you . 
"don ' t shout into my ears like that ,  i can hear you perfectly well . "
the fact that we really do love each other and want to care for each other . 
"lourise feel complicated .  since it is equal for man and woman to get sex release and pleasure ,  why woman must the take on the pain of contraception . "
" ( marvin )  i know what time it is ,  and this is what i ' m saying . "
we unveiled this vehicle for the very first time to the public
why did you say he was there ? 
is a special ability only possessed by man  .  . 
"less than four days after clinton still contended that she was the democrats '  strongest candidate for president ,  she declared her campaign suspended and endorsed obama . "
"the x ,  y system  -  -  and so that was kind of a revelation . "
i ' m not just talking about real estate . 
"so far ,  most of these projects have yielded only modest reductions in greenhouse gas emissions . "
"i .  min lee :   "" anything you can do is great !  even if you don ' t reach that 150 minutes a week ,  a little is better than none and more is better than a little .  "" "
"i write with so much difficulty ,  the cold is so severe ,  i am so fearful of being detected and consigned to an underground cell and total darkness ,  that i must abridge this narrative . "
decision  -  making of reservoir optimal operation scheme is a complex decision process with multi  -  objectives and multi  -  attributes . 
"if bob and harolddiscover ,  we are finished . "
every one of us put out his energies to help to dig the tunnel . 
it ' s inspiring .  it ' s not work i want to pass off to someone else . 
that ' s something to be grateful for – today and every day . 
prep the nun and discontinue the prednisone . 
darwinian evolution is slow ;  it takes hundreds of thousands of years . 
one man said he wanted to decapitate me . 
don ' t you want to draw it on me ? 
we put a little computer in it that has to wake up
"you go through some additional checks ,  and then they open the door . "
torpedo locked on us at 320 '  -  2 ! 
"transport was the category that showed the most significant year on year change ( 6 . 1 percent )  ,  and accounted for 30 percent of the variation in the overall consumer price index ( cpi )  . "
"maputo ,  mozambique ,  27 dec–mozambican state electricity company ,  edm plans to invest some 464 million meticals in 2007 to extend its network to 70 , 000 new customers ,  the chairman of the company ,  manuel cumbe said tuesday in maputo . "
because that was the last wish of a dying man . 
i won ' t enter to you hid in my club . 
"you just open the bag ,  and you just dump them"
india ' s foreign secretary shiv shankar menon will be meeting his pakistani counterpart a day ahead of the talks between the foreign ministers . 
"is there war ?  but also ,  why is there peace ?  not just , "
did you see they way they looked at me ? 
"you compare the loss of life at the pentagon to the twin towers , "
"three ?  ? ew ?  ? cepts are highly appreciated for their potential application in landscape planning :  the concept of spatial configuration ,  the concept of evolutionary dynamic lineage and the concept of landscape resistance . "
and to row in a straight line across it
how to get from a relatively modest amount of life extension  -  - 
joe desmond says the steam can reach temperatures of more than 260 degrees celsius . 
it ' s a momentarily paralyzing experience that can seize one at almost any time . 
"instead of ignoring the screams ,  ramsey rushed to help and free berry who he found trapped in a residence belonging to his own neighbor . "
perhaps reverend mother feels you are not yet ready for the congo . 
"embraco ,  which is majority - owned by us company whirlpool ,  has had a factory together with beijing snowflake electric since 1995 ,  which at the time was the first joint venture set up by a brazilian company in china . "
"he paints a very black picture of werner ,  which may well be distorted . "
nineteen  - year - old alix scott has been working at a store this summer .  she is saving money to pay for college next year . 
the number of female white - collar workers who die as a result of cardiovascular disease is now twice the number of those who die of cancer . 
the author holds the view that lu xun and hu shi did not digress from the general orientation of science and democracy in china inspire of their different ideological and political stands . 
kill bourne and you kill this investigation . 
we can ' tstay clear of the nichols boys forever . 
"in the real world ,  we validate signatures by sight ,  even though a skilled attacker can reliably forge a signature that most people cannot distinguish from the original . "
"a short time ago ,  villagers were astonished to learn that the ghost of endley had died . "
she ' s probably at the gate by now . 
analysts predict that the firm will be valued at between  $ 15 billion and  $ 20 billion . 
"to interview people ,  thinking that if i walked in their words  -  - "
we must try to find another safe place . 
he tried to palm off the bad check on someone else . 
"i will not do that ,  dear comrade"
the best ones easily hit 30 %  ;  electronics firms struggle to reach 5 %  . 
i think the best way for new comers is to consult the housing office on campus . 
"nurtured by the people and influenced by traditional chinese culture , mao zedong ' s written language has built up his own individualized style . "
"in this light ,  messrs schell and delury provocatively try to rehabilitate mao zedong . "
"to address this concern ,  the american psychiatric association in 1980 published the diagnostic and statistical manual of mental disorders ,  third edition  ( widely known by the acronym  "" dsm - iii ""  )  . "
"however ,  if you ' re heading to the north ,  not too far away from homes in attala county .  .  .  there ' s some showers up there . "
"the banking sanctions are causing the most pain in iran ,  says analyst ali fathollah - nejad of the university of london . "
" "" this place is a correction facility .  these guys are serious offenders . "
"will you not drive like a fucking idiot ,  please ?  !  . "
we knew it was going to be on radio luxembourg at around 7 : 30 on thursday night . 
people building solar - thermal power stations prefer sites low in dust . 
"coon ,  spook ,  spade ,  moolie ,  jiggaboo ,  nignug .  .  .  those are racial slurs . "
the model a generalization of the one proposed by the model of non  -  constant yield coefficient . 
what you think of as a boy and a girl . 
"switch these out first ,  then do the main floor . "
"were dire warnings voiced by those omniscient organs ,  the "" financial times ""  and the "" economist ""  ?  not so you ' d notice . "
"if you talk to them ,  and you said ,   "" what is your social life like ?  "" "
said about how scripture should be governed by the principle of charity . 
take just one sector of our economy – agriculture – to illustrate what i mean . 
"so if i were to going to show you all the beans in the world , "
"i just walked by you ,  i didn ' t say  "" hi ""  ,  i didn ' t say  "" thanks ""  . "
"death inverted is the door that not close ,  the old habit that returns to repeat a lesson . "
be our son the only one who ' s not go to a private school in the evening ? 
i don ' t work with people in any kind of traumatic situation . 
i ' ve never been engaged to such a fidgety girl in all my life . 
they are no more alike than any other siblings . 
what did it have to do with michelle ? 
it ' s just big enough to sit in your cigarette lighter and trickle charge off of your car ' s electrical system . 
let ' s find out who ' s gonna make this team . 
"and the story is not about ,  you know ,  the guy in front of you in the airplane , "
"tell me ,  how can i survive in dojo street ? "
your father wouldbe so proud of all of you . 
they ' re not going to be aware of what ' s happening and you can kill them better . 
"if you fail to make the delivery ten weeks later than the time of shipment stipulated in the contract ,  we shall have the right to cancel the contract . "
the combination of water and bleach refracts light from the sun and a full moon . 
"i remained under the blankets .  he entered my room , "
maybe they sniffed disulfoton together to get high . 
it ' s l . a .  everyone wantsyou to think they have a life . 
your father is your mother you can be proud of ? 
this was taken exactly 300 feet above my head . 
but that doesn ' t mean i have the right to say it ' s a bad piece of music . 
pendita all this time had been kneeling and beholding in silent admiration the statue of his matchless mother . 
"we should be grateful to have an opportunity to continue to study in a vocational school ,  so we must make good use of time . "
"to go to over 2 , 000 schools in my country  -  - "
it should be out of question the civil servant should be dismissed for the drunk driving . 
we ' re an equal opportunity designer of this sort of thing . 
"so here it is ,   "" don ' t go breaking my heart ""  by elton john . "
" "" it ' s just a tremendous mix of heartfelt messages ,  and no matter what form they ' re in ,  everyone is feeling a tremendous loss tonight ,  ""  said kobayashi . "
" ' people who wear heels all day walk differently when barefoot as a result .  it can lead to metatarsalgia and other painful conditions like plantar fasciitis ,  when tissue on the sole gets inflamed .  ' "
we ' re gonna eat before this gets cold . 
"and so ,  on the left ,  we were seeing 100 , 000 polygons . "
"as a first step ,  to submit information ,  users need to register ,  by using the apposite format on display when clicking on the button “to submit info” . "
"amanda ,  you know what your problem is  ? "
design uses whatever tools it has at its disposal in order to make a point . 
"this summer some students have found exciting ,  challenging and rewarding projects .  they probed topical issues such as food safety and prices . "
"the charismatic daughter of renowned executive leadership coach marshall goldsmith is known for her quirky humor and her explanations of complex concepts with authentic scenarios -  - she even incorporated clips of her stint as a contestant on reality tv show  "" survivor ""  in a course video . "
"the 37 cases of malignant obstructive jaundice had undergone 45 times of ptbd ,  which consisted of 42 times of successful drainage tube placement and 3 times of failure  ( 2 cases of conversions to open operation and 1 case of quitting treatment )  . "
"speaking to china real time in shanghai on the sidelines of the ef global student leaders summit -  - a two - day workshop that brings chinese and american students together to solve problems -  - mr .  huntsman said for effective dialogue to occur between the world ' s two largest economies ,  both sides first need to overcome significant cultural ,  language and geographic obstacles . "
"“this is a special day because african americans ,  we need something like this ,  especially for an election year  .  .  .  this is a very important endeavor ,  and i am proud very proud to be a part of history ,  ""  she said . "
"unfortunately ,  some negative side effects of long - term cortisol release can leave you pretty beat up on the inside . "
"are you giving to her hard and rough ,  dude ? "
"yes ,  may i speak to anne brighton ,  please ? "
they stood off 500 of the enemy forces for nine days . 
not if you ' re gentle about it . 
"when ,  for the first time ,  man could look back at planet earth . "
one night he drank a lot and walked into a blind alley . 
i think that life has been about molecular computers
it ' s hard to seewith the mask on . 
"the first one ,  they said saudi arabia .  there was no debate . "
"maputo ,  mozambique ,  4 feb –investment in the mozambican tourism sector fell 24 . 3 percent in 2008 to us $ 739 . 9 million ,  the first drop after several years of growth ,  according to figures published in maputo by the tourism ministry . "
"it ' s like ,   "" i don ' t exactly remember ,  but i can look it up for you .  "" "
evolved to enable you to tolerate this human being  -  -    -  - 
but it ' s clear that a new form of wealth must have emerged . 
"we believe the person that we ' re looking for is able to fit into many surroundings -  -  oh , this poor dog has been like this all day . "
"this is the bolton strid ,  and we have to admit ,  it ' s a pretty innocuous - looking thing to be on a list of nature ' s most dangerous booby traps .  it appears to be no more than a quaint country brook . "
the door opened with a creak .   ( 或 : the door creaked open .  ) 
the effect of carbon on hot corrosion behavior of in - 738 was studied with the fused - salt crucible method . 
each one of those threads is one of your ancestors .  .  .  all joined together and strong .  .  .  all the way back to that whale of yours . 
"behind every successful man ,  there is a woman .  and behind every unsuccessful man ,  there are two . "
this is to prevent people to learn the martial arts
"call him back ,  tell him we ' re heading down there . "
"because smallpox inoculation exposed people to such a tiny dose of the virus ,  it caused far fewer deaths than the natural spread of the disease . "
so once we ' ve made the plant how do we get out ? 
"look ,  mr .  gardocki , just leave me alone ,  will you ? "
will you have the goodness to show me the way ? 
"the army of the united states now totaled approximately 1 , 500 ,  000 officers and men . "
more firms are seeking to stay in touch with former staff
and we really appreciate you all being here today . 
"finally ,  how the pwm - fcl contributes to the system stability ,  three - phase load unsymmetry and the transmission capacity is discussed .  and how to decide a reasonable compensation rate of the pwm - fcl is also proposed . "
what the hell are you doing here ? 
"if i am controlled by my instinctive desires only ,  then i shouldn ' t talk about the significance desires have on one ' s will anyway . "
"swallow will be at hku .  .  . it ' s hku for an interview ,  you know what to do . "
"and it was bone dry .  a few weeks later ,  he said that his son"
"in its homeland ,  the gulen movement is seen as a counterweight to ultra  -  nationalism . "
"secil lobito ,  which owns the project ,  already has a cement factory in lobito ,  whose production volume is 240 , 000 tons of cement per year . "
larry :  what do you mean ?  anna :  she ' s just like you a bookworm . 
"where he says ,   "" it ' s a sin to judge any man by his post .  "" "
so what does all this mean for the incoming reagan administration ' s hopes of reuniting the allinace ? 
"provisions of criminal record in china date back to pre - qin period ,  and western countries also have a long history of criminal record . "
"take six 20 - minute naps ,  each spaced exactly 4 hours apart ,  every day .  do not deviate from your schedule . "
the teachers allowed a pupil to sit in on their meeting . 
"uh ,  ladies ,  you ' re gonna have to excuse me for a moment . "
"out of curiosity ,  is this  "" subway ""  the transportation system or subway the sandwich shop ? "
we don ' t know what we ' re up against . 
"the study by the china association of marriage and families research and baihe marriage research institute said that over 70 percent of women polled think that to be eligible for marriage ,  a man should have a house ,  a steady income and some savings . "
"today we can ' t yet do that ,  but i think the path is laid out . "
posters advertising the arena as a cultural attraction blanket the city . 
"judicial review is expensive and slow ,  and the outcome is never certain . "
"independence does not mean shutting the door on the world ,  nor does self  -  reliance mean blind opposition to everything foreign . "
just put your john henry on the dotted line . 
the absent minded representative presented a present to me . 
he has seen people in the extremes of bereavement – this is not something that he ' s going to claim  [ large ]  damages over . 
jpmorgan chase agreed to pay  $ 410m to settle allegations by america ' s federal energy regulatory commission that the bank had manipulated power markets in parts of the united states . 
i don ' t give a monkey ' s about what he says . 
for how to have a team that ' s prepared for the unexpected . 
"dude ,  it ' s breaking overhead let ' s roll to the  ' bu . "
i would like to ask some questions . 
nothing gives him more pleasure than helping someone in trouble . 
"using the information from slope image can finish stability analysis of lithologic slope ,  get 3 - d cutaway view and date ,  it is important datum for research engineering geoloical condition of dam abutment rock mass . "
"season 40 of  "" sesame street ""  features a parody of the amc program  "" mad men ,  ""  a period drama about the world of advertising on new york city ' s madison ave .  in the 1950s . "
"the most common use of this word is in british english ,  where a village is a very small ,  little town . "
president obama has accused his republican election rival mitt romney of holding his extreme positions on economic and social issues . 
i have my own battle to fight . 
"joking aside ,  as an american ,  at lmmigration ,  when they say  "" occupation ,  ""  do you have to say  "" no ,  just here on holiday ""  ? "
gm will be run by a private board of directors and management team with a track record in american manufacturing that reflects a commitment to innovation and quality . 
" "" it gets some people terrified to speak in front of their peers . "
i didn ' t come here to thank you . 
"in the areas that are regulated ,  there are so many rules"
beijing accuses tibet ' s spiritual leader of fomenting independence for the himalayan region . 
they say they hate ads in newspapers but diligently cut out coupons . 
"and i said ,   "" yes ,  but how much space do i have ?  "" "
"because all formats are treated alike ,  you only need to write one tool . "
"the group ' s most likely figure for climate sensitivity is 2 . 3°c ,  which is more than half a degree lower than the consensus figure ,  with a 66 %  probability that it lies between 1 . 7° and 2 . 6°c .  more importantly ,  these results suggest an upper limit for climate sensitivity of around 3 . 2°c . "
"and to think that all of it had happened so innocently ,  with naivete on her part . "
"in crimea where the russian black sea fleet is based ,  unconfirmed reports say that four russian transport planes have landed in the capital simferopol with 700 troops onboard . "
"on the eve of lantern festival ,  all the lanterns are hung up . "
at the ice bar in stockholm in ponchos from the future -  just ordered a reindeer cocktail
investment is a hazardous business ;  even those who are in the swim sometimes come a cropper
his first acting experiences were performing as a clown with his parents to sell hot dogs . 
i ' m recommending william costigan for the medal of merit . 
smith says australia is considering other ways to help rebuild iraq . 
"i did say sorry about the  "" old woman ,  ""  but from behind -  - "
"i ' m looking for the man who shot and killed my father ,  frank ross in front of the monarch boarding house . "
"and after meetings in the us congress ,  he said guarantees given him by the chinese government before he left china have not been adhered to . "
"the french study found that if people snacked without being hungry ,  their blood sugar stayed the same as if they hadn’t snacked at all .  why ? "
"compared to the hedgehog fungus cultivated with cotton shells ,  the hedgehog fungus cultivated with corn cote was found also rich in various nutritive materials . "
his index finger tightened on the trigger but then relaxed again . 
"kinda like my old man told me one time ,  lynn . "
"you ' re going to start encountering a lot of words and phrases that you don ' t know ,  both with your private tutor ,  and when you practice languages on your own .  enter these words in your memorization software . "
someone has said that themeasureof love is when you love without measure . 
mr .  bush told iran ' s neighbors that the kind of extremism embraced by the government in iran stands in opposition to their hopes for a better future . 
"schools no longer belt out  "" onward ,  christian soldiers  ""  ,  but the women ' s institute still rallies to the singing of ""  jerusalem  ""  . "
you wanna know what i think about the fifth amendment ? 
"other founders of the  "" i - paid - a - bribe ""  sites said they did not want trouble for running the websites . "
"to help them slow down ,  to help them get off this"
"the milestone of ""  crag type ""  appeared after 24 hours showed these proteins maybe have the function of resisting apoptosis . "
"every so often those particles will be aimed at each other , "
"you shoot the dog ,  i ' il kill you ! "
"given these differences ,  expectations for any major breakthrough from this visit are low . "
so this is a picture of the internet archive at the library of alexandria . 
"high blood pressure is the main culprit （罪犯） in six out of ten strokes ,  half of all heart disease and a fifth of all kidney failures . "
way to let them score that easily . 
"don ' t  "" howdy ""  me .  you ' re just a piece of aluminium coated in some sort of magnetic substance in a server farm located in a country where the climate makes it economically viable to keep the machines at constant temperature .  you are not my friend .  i bet you say that to everyone . "
"after 1997 taiwan ' s institutions in hong kong will be allowed to remain .  they will be allowed to disseminate their ""  three people ' s principles ""  and to criticize the communist party .  that wo n ' t bother us ,  because the communist party cannot be toppled by criticism . "
"under special relativity ,  if something travels faster than the speed of light ,  it goes backwards in time . "
lin ' s decision has nothing to do with me . 
i ' ve been inspired by that simplicity as i ' ve been working on this problem
it ' s just that i don ' t like how it looks . 
we don ' t even have to be placed in different refuse sacs . 
" "" and yet ,  what are we to do about this terribly significant business"
we ' ve got a situation here where we need to get food in in large quantities . 
is that what you do when you overload your brush ? 
a slot through which coins can be inserted into a slot machine . 
"chili ' s attention to individual ' s fate and inquiry about the truth of living ,  together with the pioneer literature comprise the dismemberment from the ideal paroles and mammoth narration ,  which has dominated the world of letters for a long time . "
he is an offspring of a song noble family . 
"as a matter of necessity ,  cases of neglect taken on by the dss in most states are ones that are incredibly dire . "
these rat studies square with what we already know about the role of touch in neurological development . 
all i want is someone to sing my songs . 
"indeed ,  battery firms ,  both old and new ,  are coming up with innovations that add up to the 8 %  annual gains . "
there is a lot more work we need to do with this . 
we wanted the skull out of the way . 
i need you to focus and try and remember what that is . 
don ' t take to heart every thing you hear .  don ' t spend all that you have .  don ' t sleep as long as you want . 
the dna sequence from the human genome and instrumental music . 
i know i ' ll need her till the stars all burn away and she ' ll be there . 
" "" the challenge microsoft has when the founder departs is remembering its heart ,   "" said analyst rob enderle of the enderle group in silicon valley . "
this happened in the case of a critic who made the mistake of reading a play written by a close friend . 
and what we see is that people tend to keep making errors
"there are things that are not quite right with chua ' s piece .   "" what chinese parents understand ,  ""  she asserts ,   "" is that nothing is fun until you ' re good at it .  ""  that ' s not only wrong ,  it ' s ridiculous .  kids — even chinese kids !  — enjoy sports at all levels ,  not just the olympics .  abby ,  unprompted ,  loved to draw from an early age ,  and like everyone else ,  she started with stick figures . "
why should non  -  native speakers bother with what native speakers regard as correct ? 
"in short :  we know the ins and outs of the code ,  and why it ' s working as it is . "
a police chief in swabi in northwest pakistan said the staffs were attacked as they drove away from the community center where they worked . 
the living room was squared away for the guests . 
"for example ,  setting properties on shareable connections is not allowed because a user of one connection handle might not anticipate a change made by another connection handle . "
and wanted to go the way we ' ve gone in the last hundred years
and contribute ideas on what that region would look like by the year 2020 . 
setting clear goals is the key to success in any endeavor . 
"dream big dreams ,  but realize that short term ,  realistic goals are the key to success . "
"i love google’s optimism about the future of broadband ,  but it’s not going to magically happen on its own solely based on free market forces . "
"i ' m glad you came over , we can bury the hatchet . "
"for mammals like ourselves ,  this must cover the increased costs that mothers incur during pregnancy and lactation . "
"mammals expend huge amounts of energy just keeping warm .  a pelt is nature ' s insulation .  why would we forgo that benefit ?  the most imaginative explanation is that our ancestors went through an aquatic phase millions of years ago and jettisoned their fur ,  which is a poor insulator in water ,  just as cetaceans have done .  critics say that if you want to keep warm in water you need to be round and lardy ,  not long and limby .  worse ,  the  "" aquatic ape ""  theory lacks fossil evidence to back it up . "
"for example ,  if your friend likes listening to esl podcast and decides to get a tattoo of esl podcast on his arm ,  that ' s something you probably want to try to talk him out of  -  talk him out of getting the esl podcast tattoo . "
field data gathered under a continuing birdlife surveillance programme showed that autumn 2007 was the worst autumn for illegal bird trapping in cyprus for four years . 
but there ' s a problem with your blood
"at least ,  they would than they would see . "
"the bush administration ,  which has opposed extending federal assistance beyond a  $ 25 billion government loan originally intended to foster the development of more fuel - efficient vehicles ,  is taking a wait - and - see approach to the carmakers '  pleas for help . "
because it ' s a little like you or i sitting around a campfire : 
"where i ' m good ,  where i really excel ,  people i ' ve slept with , "
"but this really requires going beyond what we do , "
am long press to select blocks of text in safari . 
it is near impossible to destiny as having his own story . 
"do you want to see johnny again ?  no ,  thank you .  i ' ve said goodbye . "
"the ireland’s capital and largest city is a center for arts ,  entertainment ,  culture and commerce . "
"as a corollary ,  we get that 2 ~  ( 3n - 6 )  -  2 ~ n of the possible 2 ~  ( 3n - 6 )  orientations of the cube of a path ,  for n≥ 4 ,  can be made to have a hamiltonian directed cycle  ( also can be made strong )  using vertex pushes . "
"the factors effecting hobbing precision are analyzed systematically ,  including relative position and velocity variation between cutter and workpiece . "
had it not been for the alarm clock she wouldn‘t have been late . 
"and he says ,   "" would you still be working at the linoleum factory ?  "" "
"great progress has been made in medical insurance system reform recently ,  which played an important part in maintaining society stabilization and promoting national enterprises reform .  but there are still some problems in present medicalinsurance system ,  we should enlarge coverage ,  impulse system construction , experiment vulnerable group insurance ,  strengthen fund management ,  standardize operation process and perfect information net system . "
and are in that piazza for that brief period of time . 
"“if someone has just four connections on linkedin and they haven’t bothered to upload a photo ,  it is a warning sign .  they would be off our longlist of candidates for a role , ” he says . "
"after eight weeks ,  all participants in the study gained weight .  the 16 men and nine women made similar gains .  the low protein - diet group gained about seven pounds ,  about half the 13 . 3 pounds added on by the normal protein participants and 14 . 4 pounds put on by the high protein group . "
"as in previous versions of nis ,  the latest firewall is armor  -  plated against attack by malware . "
what if that was around the same time ? 
the important part is keeping an open mind and searching for fresh ideas and perspectives . 
"in a country where the aver age weight for a girl is 60 kg ,  zeng jing weighs 110 kg ,  subverting the stereotypic al view about models being tall and slim . "
part of his duties included assisting the field surgeon . 
"we have savings investment accounts ,  specialised accounts ,  streamline accounts and the streamline express account . "
there ' s nothing you can do about it . 
"since then ,  yang ' s art has been shown on many occasions ,  including at the china - africa people ' s forum ,  and has been bought by both collectors and galleries . "
"in recognition of the return of the sun ,  fathers and sons would bring home large logs ,  which they would set on fire . "
"and lastly ,  i will wrap up with one minute of art tatum . "
your days of terrorizing the owl kingdoms are over ! 
"a senior u . s .  diplomat visits pyongyang later this week to try to advance the stalled accord under which north korea is to end its nuclear program in exchange for energy aid and other benefits .  north korea was to have accounted for all its nuclear holdings by the end of last year ,  but has yet to make that declaration . "
"from the viewpoint of applied research this study analyzed ,  the aesthetic meaning of body beauty ,  beauty of movement ,  beauty of spirit in women ' s triple jump . "
"for example ,  it was thought that the visual pigments"
"okay ,  and angela , i was wondering when you might finish enhancing those photos . "
to reduce  ( the amplitude of an electrical signal )  with little or no distortion . 
"i i . m .  him things .  that ' s the way i communicate with him , "
"she has been dancing through the entirety of her pregnancy ,  with her doctor ' s approval . "
and they don ' t mean it takes lots of experience to learn how to mop floors and empty trash cans . 
a better alternative would be to use several separate dialogs with fewer tabs on each . 
"so the last project i ' ll show is called biased chains , "
"donetion was set up ,  heart  -  warming deed was appeareded in disaster area .  chinses  -  heart was seen by everyone . "
"the logic of deterrence ,  and later of mutually assured destruction—which presumes that war between nuclear - armed nations is impossible ,  because the mutual annihilation ensures that neither side could win—applies only to rational actors . "
she believes in genovia so much that she ' s convinced herself to marry someone that she knows she can never love . 
"since use cases take a black box approach to the system ,  they cannot be critical drivers for the unit testers . "
video :  now she comes up to dr .  sue and starts writing again . 
"the  "" naked marriage ""  is in sharp contradiction with china ' s established marriage customs ,  which encourage parents to help lay the material foundation for their children ' s marriage . "
the only list we ' re on is the loser list . 
"to genuine proselytes of whatever race ,  judaism long held out welcoming arms . "
i lay down all that groundwork for nothing . 
"i ' m gonna go to the store and grab some cigarettes ,  okay ? "
"the most frequently used internet service is e - mail ,  with the utilization rate hitting 74 . 9 percent .  on an average ,  each subscriber owns 2 . 6 e -  mail account numbers . "
the discussions so far point to the portuguese company taking control fo sata ' s management . 
"and that ' s what he did .  and in so doing he earned himself , "
"this storm hit at full moon which raises the tide there a couple of feet ,  so the storm set a record . "
"from social networks and internet searches ,  you can usually find the blogs and publications to which your favorite influencers contribute . "
"it was the second that appeared in america ,  called the new england courant . "
"can make you laugh ,  can make you cry sometimes . "
"the arab summit broke no new ground on the most critical regional issues ,  in the absence of nearly half of the leaders of arab league states . "
"but if you change the form that you give the placebo in , "
are you taking the piss out of me ? 
"secrets to impressing their recruiters :   "" i ' d say coming to the interview prepared with questions that show they ' ve researched the job  /  company ,  and taking notes ,  ""  says jill montgomery ,  manager of talent delivery .   "" a question i got recently that i liked was ,   ' what skills are necessary for me to be successful in this position ?  '  to me that shows that they ' re humble and open to feedback .  "" "
that we may come to prefer our digital selves to our real ones  -  - 
paying to the minate part of modus operandi and achieving the good quality
"when you eat ,  your blood sugar rises ,  satisfying your hunger and prompting your pancreas to secrete insulin . "
the logs were knocked together as they floated down the stream . 
you can slowly and carefully step out of the elevator . 
you can rest assured there is a cure . 
"the police do it all the time ,  all the time . "
ukraine ' s economic problems increased during the huge street protests that led to the ouster of the pro - russian president . 
"well i ' m full ,  do you want mine ? "
he who shareth honey with the bear hath the least part of it . 
"anything can bring on that special moment  -  -  music ,  smells ,  photos . "
and where their families will be waiting to take them back home . 
"how oft did they provoke him in the wilderness ,  and grieve him in the desert ! "
did you stay much longer last night at the office party ? 
"and i ,  in fact ,  was so deeply moved by this  -  - "
we thought that would take months before he and mr .  mursi can take these steps . 
"despite his disabilities ,  he continues to work ,  write and travel . "
we can ' t even afford to eat anything except beans . 
"one day ,  the call could be :  all aboard the berlin  -  beijing express ,  via belgrade . "
bottom line :  we have to turn into profit by 2002 . 
i can manage if i have to ! 
objective :  the content of resorcinol in compound resorcinol lotion was determined by dual wavelength spec ˉ trophotometry . 
"the selected pictures now orbiting above us range from early human cave art to the earthrise picture captured by the apollo 8 astronauts during their mission to the moon .  they also include the great wall of china ,  a steam train and an atom bomb explosion .  there are also images of soldiers wearing first world war gas masks ,  caged hens in a battery chicken farm and the tiered benches and bloodstained table of an empty victorian operating theatre ;  images where you only need a little imagination to picture pain and suffering .  but there is also humour .  in a lovely knowing twist ,  one of the images is a backstage still taken from the movie conquest of the planet of the apes . "
"he said there are some members of the taliban who joined simply out of ignorance ,  or to escape poverty .  he suggested they might be convinced to join the political process . "
"amateurphotographer tony o ' rahilly took the snap while photographing ablazewhich destroyed wem town hall in shropshire on november 19 ,  1995 . "
the kaz 11 was spotted adrift on the outer great barrier reef on wednesday . 
for a dismayed mr price found his seats for the flight to ireland were not even next to each other – they were either side of another traveller’s seat . 
"of course ,  killing an animal isn ' t like killing a man . "
you will need to drastically change your habits to maintain weight loss in the long run
"now then ,  let us get down to the business at hand . "
the mouldy and the worm -  bltted closely related to thatthe product was not dry enough or due to storage in the moist environment . 
"the senses aren ' t fragile .  and if they were ,  we wouldn ' t be here . "
and if you ' re a falcon it ' s quite a nice place to be in the summer . 
 ( 4 ) the major cause of the misdiagnosis is deficient the knowledge of lumbago of geriatric osteoporsis . 
i weigh the value and potential of this nugget before i dole it out . 
"in france the parc du futuroscope ,  an amusement park near poitiers ,  is building a euro 7m  (  $ 10m )  safari attraction that will be devoid of animals . "
is all that for the delgata case ? 
you do have possible hints as to how we may take possession of the airwaves ; 
"and what i ' d like you to do in this shot is keep your eye on this , "
keep taking them till you get back ? 
neither keitel nor jodl nor anyone else had any . 
"similarly ,  if you’re the one always calling for help from others ,  yet never offering yours when they need it ,  that’s another unattractive quality that no one wants in a friend . "
duplicate the text layer and hide the original one .  change the font and size of the duplicate text layer .  try to use a bold font . 
"if you really want to do something ,  you will find a way ;  if you don ' t ,  you will find an excuse ! "
they sing a traditional new year song of friendship called auld lang syne . 
mark twain and poe .  there is no need to enlarge on the gulf between them . 
"the democratic party ' s iconic figure is franklin d .  roosevelt .  he became president in 1933 ,  at the height of the great depression .  fdr ,  as he was called ,  launched the  "" new deal ,  ""  with government - driven economic and social reforms to protect the working class .  melanie roussell is the democratic national committee spokeswoman . "
we took pity on the homeless girl and took her into our house . 
it goes back to betting on good people doing good things . 
"besides ,  the government still built a royal temple in the mausoleum area used for worshiping and blessing the past emperors . "
i was just told you cleared the nebuchadnezzar for takeoff . 
"thus ,  when i think about experience ,  i imagine what we take with us ,  what we leave behind ,  and that layer of soapy film that can never be fully washed off . "
"this sort of thing couldn ' t happen on british tv ,  of course ,  given the rules on product placement and sponsorship . "
"that is to say ,  below humanity or above it . "
the government agency had unconditionally approved the genetically engineered sugar beets in two thousand five . 
"the boss didn’t discourage this ,  and the rest of the group deferred to this guy’s bright ideas and aggressive style .  over time ,  the meetings evolved into a virtual dialogue between the boss and this one individual . "
i don ' t know how to say it in english  -  -  spermatazoi  -  - 
"come on ,  harv ,  you gonna buy that ,  or what ? "
i thought some female intuition would be helpful . 
the principle of micron  -  nano  -  sized particles composite system was introduced . 
"method :  identification of bilirubin ,  beisisu ,  cholic acid acid were achieved by tlc and visible absorption spectrum . "
"if the waves are big enough ,  we ' ll go surfing . "
it ' s a sign of stress and possible deception . 
"beijing ,  china ,  27 dec–chinese investment overseas between january and november of this year totalled us $  5 . 65 billion ,  the beijing commerce ministry has announced . "
the united nations in haiti says 1 . 5 million people remained at a risk of not having proper access to food in 2013 due to the destruction caused by hurricane sandy and a series of natural disasters that have hit the impoverished country in the last six months . 
"the poor girl liked to be thought clever ,  but she hated to be thought bookish . "
"of course ,  there ' s no page on the web which has answered that question"
it says here you can work out of your own home . 
"the next rights are sold for 612 million dollars .  "" "
you wouldn ' t hesitate to kill me for any number of reasons . 
"tomo ,  let ' s go for  (  okonomiyaki  )  ! "
there may be some temptation on the part of people to look at your work
in much of his verse the miraculous combination collapsed . 
i think the catheter ' s curling in the atrium . 
who the hell is this guy ? 
we also use ‘at '  where people work or study when the name of the place is given . 
"we get him on board ,  there ' s gonna be a midnight flight waiting for us the night we get outside those walls . "
there are some very comfortable lounges .  just make sure you set an alarm as the temptation to doze off could be hard to resist . 
"with all the downsizing that ' s been going on around here ,  we wouldn ' t want to have to tell berenson you ' ve been slacking ,  now would we ? "
"italian photographer gianni fasolini heard that the divorce rate is going up and got a brilliant idea .   "" people celebrate a marriage as a milestone in their lives ,  but a divorce is an important event too ,  ""  he explained .   "" so i started to offer photo sessions for freshly divorced couples – them smiling or shaking hands or in some cases even kissing。"
"from my mum point of view ,  she ' s a failure ! "
and let me pick off of her plate
we were perplexed at her interest in legal matters . 
i was just buying a part for the rabbit . 
"but all that ' s over now , and you ' ll soon be as good as new !  . "
methods adopt the ophthalmology status survey forms developed by the department of health administration of ministry of health and office of national committee for prevention of blindness to investigate the registered medical treatment organizations in the whole mainland of cina in 1996 . the collected data were analyzed using sas software . 
"one ,  such as a painter or sculptor ,  who is able by virtue of imagination and talent to create works of aesthetic value ,  especially in the fine arts . "
"once your contractions are in full swing ,  the oxytocin may be stopped or the dose decreased ,  and your labor should progress just as a noninduced labor does . "
"i ' m telling you ,  there was someone in the back seat . "
they responded to survey questions about their depression and work over a week ' s time . 
"because of the unusual way twain produced it ,  the editors ,  led by harriet elinor smith ,  had their work cut out for them . "
she scrabbled around in her bag for her glasses . 
"and everybody ' s real compassionate .  .  .  and everything ' s so incredibly sad ,  and everyone feels sorry for you . "
"the body of jonathan swift ,  doctor of divinity ,  dean of this cathedral churcn ,  is bruied here . "
so i thought that it will be good to start with it . 
"wake up early .  retract the shades on your window so you ' ll be waking up to the sunrise every day ,  or set an alarm clock that will get you up at an early hour .  just because you don ' t have to clock into an office in the morning doesn ' t mean you should sleep in .  in fact ,  researchers from roehampton university found that people who get up earlier have happier and healthier lives than those who sleep in .  develop healthy sleep habits for a better mood . "
"so ,  i wanted to open his eyes up to"
that man was on the prod and as dangerous as a cornered cougar
"his team first found the vessel in 2003 but misidentified a vital clue ,  a cannon on the sea floor . "
ten days after cyclosporin intoxication he was discharged from the icu . 
tribal lore and custom have been passed down orally . 
take english engineersand you take english government . 
"the president treats people very well . he sent several telegrams urging me to come . now that you all are here ,  and the school is gradually getting on its feet ,  how could i pull out and leave him in the lurch  ?  "" "
what if we could change it so that we didn ' t have to re - set up
" "" i look forward to working with congress to pass legislation to remove these troubled assets from our financial system ,  ""  he said .   "" when we get through this difficult period ,  which we will ,  our next task must be to improve our regulatory structure so that these past excesses do not reoccur .  "" "
and the reason why they have to go underground
and the next reason for hope  -  -  nature is amazingly resilient . 
"i bring you into a room .  i give you a candle , "
that ' s done most of the work with our 40 - person company . 
"is able to squeeze all that information down to your optic nerve , "
a small shop and a fast - food restaurant called mel ' s dairy dream have replaced harper lee ' s childhood home . 
when was the last time you flashed a fake smile at the office ? 
"treating the third lumbar spine as the center , l1～l6 spinous process , zygopophysial , supra - spine and interspinal ligament were resected and erector spinal muscle was cut off in experimental group . "
will you call me back when you calm down ? 
"stefano wants to know where and how you can use the expression “as well as , ” and “as long as . ”"
a clear mindset and proper investment concept and a habit that fits one ' s personality are what i think matters the most in stock trading . 
we could use your front cortexes and opposable thumbs . 
"once flawless eye make - up has been digitally applied and the hair ' perfected '  ,  we are left with a woman who ,  while she looks stunning and conforms to our beauty ideals ,  bears little resemblance to the real artist . "
"it almost seems as though you forgot i proposed to you ,  like an asshole ! "
and we ' il get that whole thing going . 
"like all traits selected by evolution ,  evolvability must be accumulative . "
"because the downturn is now global ,  it is harder for exports to make up for weak domestic demand . "
"people in this field can suffer from a classic case of high demand ,  low control . "
we are not like rats dropped into a psychologist ' s maze or elephants thrust into a circus . 
" "" it hurts like a fuckin '  son of a bitch ! "
"it turns out that many parents and children want this close contact .  we first observed a shift in this relationship in 1999 ,  when the economy was booming .  even before the cellphone era ,  many 20 - something women talked with their mothers several times a week .  they discussed boyfriend problems ,  classes and plans for the future .  they brought home their laundry ,  went shopping with their mothers and even pronounced their mothers  ( and sometimes their fathers )  their  "" best friends .  ""  their descriptions might have seemed cloying ,  yet the mothers involved said that they were thrilled .  they took pride in their daughters and reveled in the intimacy . "
"and we continue to grow .  when the rest of the world took a beating last year , "
"after the diners have ordered ,  the robots in the kitchen set to work cooking . "
the design for the remote control system in electro - magnetic bridge crane
"in bourgeois terms ,  it was a war between the allies and germany . "
"poppet ,  the miraclemoggy ,  came out in the wash after hiding in the laundry when owner laura gilhome ' s back was turned . "
"job title with the largest number of openings :  the company is looking to hire 3 , 800 member service representatives in 2014 . "
"but venezuela is getting less international media attention ,  in part , because its government has refused or revoked journalist visas ,  and made it difficult and dangerous for reporters . "
"but the rest of the team remains in detention ,  intensive diplomacy continues to secure their release . "
about 53 percent are married and about 46 percent are unmarried . 
it ' s the one that takes me around the world right now
"the suitors jeered at him ,  calling him a bully and a cowardly braggart - as indeed he was"
" "" we have today 11 . 4 million refugees worldwide ,  but we have 26 million people displaced within the borders of their own countries ,  ""  he said . "
through the energy comparison consumed by air - conditioning system it gets the optimized plan of air - conditioning : the supply airtemperature is 22 . 5℃ and the maxim supply air quantity is 72×10 ~ 4m ~ 3 / h . 
we have a new tool for creating efficiencies in all sectors . 
the group agreed not to use tracking information to target personalized ads to users who do not wish to be identified . 
mr .  powell says he has never seen anything to compare with this damage . 
"what i ' m trying to say is ,  it ' s taken far too long to do this ,  you know ,  but we ' re finally all together . "
i was just doing some christmas dancing . 
by manufacturing a candy that tasted sweet and sad at the same time . 
"and they were right ,  it will end this war . "
i remember having to use vodka  -  -  my own vodka  -  -  to pickle it
use your body weight to do the work rather than your strength . 
"number three ,  look at them fields ,   -  what about them ? "
the standard advice here is to return the private financial sector to health through recapitalisation . 
" ' i ' m not really eating .  i ' m just grazing all day ,  '  says mr .  shor ,  53 years old and a vice president at a warren ,  n .  j .  ,  financial planning firm .   ' i ' m not having a candy bar .  it ' s a real meal .  ' "
and unhealthy people have a very hard time recovering from a cut like that . 
till some of the edges were quite square .  and then i constructed it . 
turkey has been trying to boost trade with moscow as it struggles with a current account deficit that ' s growing as energy costs soar . 
"when you serve others ,  you feel better about yourself ,  you make a difference in someone ' s life ,  and you give back to the community . "
jodi is the only woman i ' ve ever loved . 
"valle ,  who is taking part in the china - latin america investment forum in beijing ,  said that he had met with officials from cic to discuss the issue . "
"ms .  comparoni declined to provide financial details of the admissions assistance programs ,  but it could easily run into the hundreds of thousands of dollars at many companies ,  and more for those that cover school tuition . "
"twice as much as we did ,  right now ,  than in 1970 ,  on the developing world . "
"and at that time ,  i was not thinking about changing the world . "
"it is expected that the reduction ,  along with the modernization of the tax system ,  will make it possible to increase the number of corporate taxpayers . "
but there are actually stories about this from all over . 
"fuel cells have been used in aip system of submarine now ,  such as the u212 / 214 submarine of german and the  "" amour ""  submarine of russia . "
"president bush is on his way home after a five - day european tour aimed at mending trans - atlantic ties ,  frayed by the war in iraq .  before leaving for washington mr .  bush met with russian president vladimir putin in bratislava ,  slovakia . "
"the fatty cells of adipose tissue ,  needed for juiciness ,  are grown separately and then combined with the muscle cells before the whole thing is cooked . "
vault can even host multiple repositories on the same vault server . 
the report looks at how happiness is measured and examines some of its policy implications . 
our infantry was protected by a curtain of artillery fire . 
hildy said she ' il get to work . 
"imagine trying to chomp that tough meadow grass with dull ,  worn teeth ,  you wouldn’t get too far ! "
"if you look deeper ,  you ' ll see the difference between them . "
"the federal emergency management agency ,  fema ,  as we now know , "
give me he ' s at the base of the west columns . 
"love is a lamp ,  while friendship is the shadow .  when the lamp is off ,  you will find the shadow everywhere .  friend is who can give you strength at last . "
"the more focused you are on one goal ,  the higher chance you have of success . "
it was the first woman was attributed the flying cross for that . 
arrest seemed but a rosy dream .  the island seemed very far away . 
the plan is part of a larger effort to reduce government control of businesses and increase foreign investment . 
why does yeast metabolize sugar and produce carbon dioxide . 
"lifehacker .  com ' s solution to lower body temperature is to apply a bottle with ice - cold water on points like your ankles ,  wrists ,  or behind the knees . "
"what with all the wedding plans ,  i ' ve just been a little stressed . "
"with the coming of the time of modern market economy and knowledge economy ,  the developmental trends of human resources require that college students of new century should be innovative versatile talents with high quality .  college students must follow the needs of time ,  cultivate scientific values of modern college life ,  seriously make plans of college life ,  study harder ,  practice more diligently ,  and creat more courageously . "
doing nothing about it is like waiting for the end of the world . 
"i control the tv , the stereo and the phone . "
it was one of the best issues ever .  and they talked about the neuron
"no ,  the point is it ' s against the law to turn on a red ! "
it ' s one thing to be a twitter guru or have a huge linkedin following . 
that is the key to why people die of this virus . 
i got pinched in the elevator ! 
and i want youto imagine that you ' re on a beach . 
without thinking of mandela in jail for 27 years . 
imaging interferometric lithography  ( iil )  transfers different components of spatial frequencies through the same limited aperture at different time to enhance the resolution power of lithography with increasing less cost of system . 
officer :  we’ll notify you if we have some news . 
and it analyses the effect of decibel in the emc test and electromagnetic design . 
"son 2 bought her a beautiful mercedes with a chauffeur included ,  thinking this would surely win her approval . "
"the projection for this year , “is to post growth of around 30 percent ,  against 2006 ,  a period in which investment proposals in the country totaled us $ 700 million . ”"
"of getting a taste of that kind of baby consciousness as adults , "
she did not dwell on the details of the matter . 
which of these units are more often used is not easy to say . 
"according to the consultant there is good potential for business on the west african coast ,  but growth of trade depends on efficient strategies . "
i ' m used to thinking of the ted audience as a wonderful collection
"ok ,  everybody settle down and go to bed ! "
you can see how portable and handy it was to have your own guttenberg
do i have anything in my teeth ? 
i get a discount and there ' s a whole section of books in my area . 
many of them are far more conscious of risk than more conventional business people . 
and so we built a temporary building  -  -  i ' m getting good at temporary  -  - 
"in order to attract high quality talents into the army ,  graduate recruits are put on an accelerated promotion and pay scheme . "
after  -  bitterness substances were the main factors influencing wine taste .  the bitterness substances in litchi wine were a …
"now ,  you may say ,  but surely ,  what we ' ve seen on television about saudi islam"
i won ' t get home till dawn if i walk . 
"and you wonder ,  why can ' t it be like that all the time ? "
i surmise you two were old friends . 
the act of selling goods below cost to other nations to eliminate surpluses or offset competition . 
"i ' il take my stuff by monday , so i can enter my home again . "
at least assault with a deadly wet one . 
"although ,  listening to kevin kelly ,  you don ' t have to remember anything . "
and the fishermen were authorized to catch 30 percent
"the gaoler looked on eagerly ,  anxious to see if his fellow actor had at last learnt his lines . "
think with your head if you want to spy on me
"what china doesn ' t want or need is another north korea ,  a closed - off hermit state dependent almost entirely on this country and its commerce .  policy - watchers here are hoping for stable change in burma  ( known by its military government as myanmar )  ,  and a gradual transformation . "
"i mean ,  if this is meant to be ,  it ' il be . "
"the more of these the laser sends in ,  the more light returns to the device and the higher the resolution of the resulting image . "
if they have come along here ten or fifteen years ago they might have been let in on the ground floor of a lot of things . 
if you can give me a few minutes of your time i ' ll be much obliged . 
gorbachev and raisa descended together from their plane at heathrow airport . 
"in the next five to 10 years ,  he also wants to start his own business . "
i think we can get simon fosterinto the three o ' clock with karen clark . 
did you ever wonder what occurs inside your body when something funny happens ? 
"without a drink and a woman ,  i can ' t hold a brush . "
i would want to take in their praise of me
because we ' re not yet at the stage on this planet
i was given lots of presents by the students at oxford . 
and i learned that you could actually negotiate with people . 
istanbul lies between the sea and sea of marmara of bosporus and golden horn bay . 
"china ' s economy soft landed successful in 1996 . but subjected to the influence of many factors ,  the economy has not been able to bresk the blockade of deflation since 1997 . the government has taken several different measures to combat linering deflationary pressures , among which expanding fiscal policy plays a crucial role . "
"and it allows us to talk about things that  -  -  not just diet , "
"if you went up to the sky then ,  you ' d find laputa ! "
"uh ,  there ' s a reservation under fields ,  kevin . "
these were the kinds of questions being asked by the european commission as it investigated the issue of internet privacy . 
this applicant is by far the better than that one . 
all of a sudden they are effectively emancipated from geography . 
" ' the recovery of the global auto sector looks to be stronger than the macroeconomic recovery in many regions ,  driven by demand and pricing ,  '  moody ' s investors service said in an industry outlook report released thursday . "
"hanfeng had asked ,  pretending that he did not understand and knowing that she could see through him . "
she is lonesome while her husband is away on business . 
it will cause rising seas .  it will cause saline deposited into wells and into lands . 
"democratic congressional leaders say ,  in the weeks ahead ,  they will work with the obama team to draft a stimulus plan they hope can be voted on and signed into law when mr .  obama takes office . "
objective to investigate the main therapeutic effects of fuke qianjin soft capsule  ( fqsc )  . 
"performance test and field operation show that the reconditioned liners have good service performance ,  and the expense for the liner re - conditioning is only 15 %  ～20 %  of the price of a new liner ,  the reconditioning technology is simple and reliable ,  and the material for the technology is available . "
remember that your entry salary does not determine your income for the rest of your career . 
"earlier on friday ,  he was thrown out of china’s top lawmaking body and lost his immunity from prosecution . "
we ' re gonna get those ad pages back . 
i remember the time when my mother used to dress me up
"earlier this year ,  aissatou boiro was reported to have foiled a plot to embezzle nearly  $ 2m from guinea ' s central bank . "
the pair arrived at their resort on monday ahead of emma ' s appearance at the golden globes in la this weekend . 
"lasse hallstrom ,  director of the cider house rules ,  and wife lena olin . "
class 8： hand tools and implements  ( hand operated )  ;  cutlery ;  side arms ;  razors . 
director fury wants me in new mexico . 
"if you go down this road ,  you ' re not gonna like what you find . "
he came to the fore as a physicist at an early age . 
he hopped back up the stairs and took his pistol . 
"for example ,  instead of regular milk ,  one can take skimmed milk ,  which contains as many proteins and minerals as regular milk but has had the fat removed . "
but we ' ve decided your needs are greater than ours . 
the only person in botswana who will have her blood type will be a blood relative . 
i sure hope tink is all right . 
"these people are shook up ,  but they don ' t look murderous . "
"between january and june ,  tap carried 3 . 35 million passengers ,  up 6 . 9 percent from 2006 .  this growth was most notable on routes to africa ,  16 percent ,  the united states ,  21 percent ,  brazil ,  12 . 2 percent ,  and europe ,  7 . 7 percent . "
"a lot of people are getting together ,  and working"
"breaking up the once - powerful ministry ,  which had sagged beneath heavy debt and been stung by corruption allegations ,  was seen by analysts as a step toward introducing greater competition in the sector . "
"the trip by icep president marques da cruz ,  to the people ' s republic of china also served to present a project for a business center in macau to the institute for promotion of trade and investment in macau ( ipim )  . "
a credit balance of 50 was brought forward from his september account . 
i can handle everythingelse but women crying . 
during the ceremony of the olympic flag will be passed on to rio de janeiro for the 2016 games . 
"yarn material used :  stretch nylon filament ,  acrylic ,  wool ,  cotton yarn and spandex . "
and this is how the revolution was born in tunisia . 
2 .  multivalent mimicry peptides can bind to l - selectin with high speciality similar to nd l - selectin antibody .  .  multivalent oligosaccharide mimicry peptides promise to be a new method to identify the cell surface molecule . 
the attack yesterday on the hawaiian islands .  .  .  has caused severe damage to american military forces . 
i would give him or her basic first aid and ask my partner to call for a istance at the same time . 
and we will not have a divided world .  we ' ll have most people in the middle . 
"richard nixon ran successfully for president on a law - and - order ticket in 1968 ,  bolstered by a silent majority which , "
"from the herb kingdom ' s point of view ,  this herb assists in the movement of the sexual energy through the sexual channels ,  which are different from the kundahlini channels . "
the inflated balloon indicates a latent inflation on the plateau . 
"last year it was a house  -  boat ,  and he wanted to spend the rest of his life living on the river . "
"more than 220 years of free and fair elections , "
"automatic gear  -  shift system will improve automobile s dynamical capability ,  fuel s capability and other s capability . "
i ' m not going to a party . 
and neither your operators nor your safety system will notice it . 
you should find the recipe and some ambergris on my desk . 
all people walking by the begger look at him in sympathy . 
"it ' s something that you participate in ,  and it ' s something that really with minimal involvement you can have a big impact on your local government . "
a group of men march through the streets cutting themselves with knives . 
it shows what apparently looks like a pair of very hairy male legs but are not . 
"in addition ,  the control way and the control method for recoiler tension are also expounded . "
"we go on trips ,  like we went to the house of blues and we went on stage and we performed ,  and it was very fun .  "" "
her foot caught in the mat and she fell heavily . 
if concrete is heavily troweled  ( smooth tight )  surface may need to be acid etched . 
if i were you i ' d buy a small car . 
" "" there is a recognition that none of the international aid is going to materialize without the mdc ,  at least the majority section of the mdc ,  being represented in government ,  ""  he said . "
"political campaigns used to rely on speeches ,  rallies ,  and newspapers to reach and motivate voters .  then radio and tv made it possible to reach everyone quickly and simultaneously .  today ,  campaigns can spread their messages instantly  -  and ,  interactively  -  through the internet’s so - called ‘social media . ’"
"to systematically define the sensitivity and repeatability of heat pain threshold ,  using the medoc tsa  -  2001 device . "
"carpenters are generally divided into two classes .  rough carpenters assemble the frameworks of buildings and install windows and doorways ,  among other framing projects .  finish carpenters specialize in interior work like laying floors or installing cabinets .  many do both .  carpentry jobs are expected to grow 20 percent by 2020 .  an apprenticeship helps you get your foot in the door though many pick up the carpentry trade on the job .  for entry into unions or construction associations ,  apprentices need 144 hours of technical training ,  including training in basic carpentry ,  blueprints ,  mathematics ,  building codes ,  safety and first aid . "
but now i ' m going to show you the five - year - old . 
i will go down with thee into egypt ;  and i will also surely bring thee up again :  and joseph shall put his hand upon thine eyes . 
there are people who tell me i ' ve helped him . 
"wk :  i use a bicycle frame ,  and a pulley ,  and plastic pipe ,  what then pulls  -  - "
i ' m here to tell you what to do . 
"and of humans as mere stewards of god ' s creation , "
and they all have something to do to save the world . 
take on the work of those people easily in an institutional frame . 
"in the miniature cr 4 + ∶yag passive q - switched conductive cooling repetitive ( nd , ce )  : yag lasers , replacement of the 100 %  reflector of its plane - parallel resonator with a tir ( total internal reflection ) prism , gives better thermal stability characteristic and the repetitive frequency reaches 5pps .  single laser pulse output gets to 20～25mj with pulse width smaller than 15ns .  the operation ambient temperature range reaches - 40℃～ + 55℃"
nothing is impossible  ( or difficult )  to the man who will try . 
" "" i think sometimes she realizes when i have a particularly tough e - mail i have to write and she interrupts me and says :   "" it’s yoko time .  it’s time to pet my belly ""  . "
"as early as about 4 , 000 years ago from xia dynasty , the subsequent dynasties had established the strict and concrete measures of ecology protection one after another , which were recorded literally to the annals and spread in later ages . "
it is all comes down to love and relationships in the end . 
he abused me and of course i answered rather hotly . 
find out the fastest way to an anteater ' s stomach ! 
"for a long time i myself have worked through the history of philosophy ,  read such and such a book on such and such an author . "
"it ' s already known that people judge a book by its cover in the real world ,  but before this study ,  it was less clear how users judged other people online . "
"if only we could have a piece of meat once in a while ,  or an egg . "
"frau junge ,  i ' m giving you this coat as a goodbye present . "
it was a great pleasure meeting you . 
riptide is a strong underwater current .  it moves quickly away from shore and out to sea . 
does the hero or villain inside us win the day ? 
"the earliest known bird ,  archaeopteryx ,  lived during the jurassic ,  the period before the cretaceous . "
"the original meaning of the word  "" salvation ""  in the bible is about saving the social system . "
what kind of man is the governor ? 
barnacle is one kind of marine fouling organism in the east china sea . 
"she should be desolate ,  broken hearted ,  ready to scream at fate . "
the meat will scorch if you don ' t lower the gas . 
now you can try to move your outcomes around . 
today i want to focus on what we can do as individuals . 
"and i have to understand that  -  -  as part of the creation , "
client programmers using this interface have no idea what implementation details lie behind the interface . 
most of the time the lava of kilauea seems to move peacefully toward the ocean .  yet it is not as peaceful as it seems from a distance . 
"no ,  but the issue of city building in democracy is interesting"
"most arab countries buy half of what they eat from abroad and between 2007 and 2010 ,  cereal imports to the region rose 13 %  ,  to 66m tonnes . "
god defend me from my friends ;  from my enemy i can defend myself
"and a letter from darwin saying ,   "" my dear sir ,  thank you very much"
the sorting of genomes rearrangements becomes an important research area of computational biology and bioinformatics . 
it ' s over .  come here .  no one ' s gonna hurt you ever again . 
a fourteen - year - old girl named roseline has been at the rescue center since two thousand eight . 
"are you saying  "" ni ""  to that old woman ? "
i ' m not able to follow a line of text in a book . 
your bivouac for the night is the spot where you got tired of marching that day . 
exactly one hour before the campaign launch at bulgari . 
"brazil ' s vale do rio doce ,  the world ' s largest iron ore producer ,  recently said it planned to invest us $ 70 million in mozambique . "
"they don ' t -  -  you know ,  people say  "" i found my calling in life .  "" "
you have to know where it is and what it does . 
he would kill flies in our house with my bb gun . 
the law states a driver can be fined if the person “is in an irregular position inside the vehicle or raises his hand from the steering wheel unnecessarily . ”
"on her way home ,  she went to the nursery to pick up her son . "
i told you i ' d be bringing a few friends . 
you mean you neverwent out with two sisters ? 
a tremendous amount of ice has been let out of these valleys
"added to which ,  children of the past would not have expected to be bribed because their parents taught them to take pride in a job well done . "
"you want that stuff in bourne ' s hands ,  out on the market to the highest bidder ? "
"while at boavista ' s academy ,  raul studied and worked as a car electrician . "
jen :  at least this jar of honey looks good… it ' s empty ! 
"my father lives in finland ,  in a town called rovaniemi . "
"allie ,  a dementia sufferer ,  is gripped by the tale  -  told inflashbackwith ryan gosling and rachel mcadams as their younger selves  -  and has a brief lucid moment where she realises the story is about her and her husband . "
this has fallen to 13 per cent after a modest resurgence in the 2000s . 
objective to investigate the selection of method of breech delivery and its complications . 
"took a handfui of mud ,  mixed it with a dash of papaya ,  put it on the market ,  and bingo : "
which i think is going to have as profound an impact
a moment later she found that she was standing in the middle of a wood at night  - time with snow under her feet and snowflakes falling through the air . 
the molecules just float away and so no light . 
you ' re not going to fool him about why you called . 
"we have a way to look at earth like that ,  you know , "
“to be talkative”  ( talkative )  means you ' re always talking ;  you like to talk a lot . 
"seriously ,  just gonna start off with 1 %  thrust capacity . "
"the reason for this is simple :  unless you can achieve perfect diversity and independence of opinion ,  one point of view will always dominate another on a particular platform . "
cross  -  domain move of non  -  empty account groups is not allowed . 
 ?  you ' ve just been screwed by the r - i - a - a  ? 
i wonder if it would be possible for us to meet you at your office . 
"if we give in to the blackmailer ,  he will return to squeeze out another hundred later . "
we must make friends with those who have good character and kindness of heart . 
use your influence in support of comprehensive sustainable change everywhere . 
because you might tip off too much in the direction of unprepared . 
now you ' re khan and i ' m at your feet . 
"together ,  the economic daily news said 80 million iphone 6 handsets would be produced this year . "
"they remind me of my freedom to pursue my hobbies during college years ,  which may be difficult to do after i enter the workplace . "
"but since they broke up ,  ms .  zhi won ' t wear any of the half - set of the clothes she still has in her closet . "
"two astronauts are on a spacewalk to spruce up the international space stations new japanese lab ,  the discovery crew members are setting up two tv cameras around the kibo labs robotic arm . "
"simulating the way waves behave as they make landfall means taking account of ,  literally ,  oceans of data . "
you might say she was completely oblivious of her early childhood . 
i ' d like to start with a couple of quick examples . 
the construction of new networks is estimated to cost 46 million euros and the netherlands will contribute a further 22 million euros via a separate program run by the foreign ministry . 
"a tour of gori after the russian pullback revealed widespread evidence of mayhem and looting ,  apparently by russian troops and irregular forces who descended on the town .  videos posted on the internet site ,  youtube ,  clearly show uniformed russian soldiers smashing in bulletproof glass fronts of banks in gori ' s main square ,  directly in front of a towering statue of the city ' s most famous native son ,  former soviet dictator joseph stalin .  mikheil giorgadze of the tbc bank examined the destruction . "
"he escaped from house arrest last month then fled to the u . s embassy .  chinese authorities assured him he would be able to study law in his native country ,  but he subsequently said he feared for his family safety and asked to come to the united states . "
"what you ' ll see on the shelves are oils in clear bottles and colored bottles ;  colored bottles protect the integrity of the oil better ,  especially if what ' s inside the bottles is in fact 100 %  olive oil  ( though it probably isn ' t )  .  you ' ll also see words and phrases like  "" light olive oil ""  and  "" cold pressed ""  that don ' t actually mean anything ;  cold - pressed ,  for example ,  refers to the time when oil was made using hydraulic presses and there was a distinction between the first  ( cold )  press and the second  ( hot )  press but that process is outdated .  you ' ll see various statements of geographic origins ,  such as spain or greece or italy ;  that may be true ,  but more likely the oil was grown someplace with less expensive production costs then shipped to another country and bottled there .   ( it ' s the bottling location that somehow legitimates the  "" origin ""  identification .  ) "
"everybody thinks :  he sells chicken when crow ,  it is a booby certainly . "
"there ' s a ridge right in the middle of the picture ,  up above where that arrow comes in , "
he raised his hand with something metallic in it . 
"however ,  it is still subject to laws in the uk . "
the americans have already crossed the river meuse
"exports :  garments ,  jute and jute goods ,  leather ,  frozen fish and seafood . "
those guys aren ' t afraid of the police . 
"i ' m glad you ' re on his side ,  worth , "
and it is all too easy to miss some of the most simple happinesses in life . 
later chen randomly picked 10 celebrity users on sina weibo and analyzed their statistics .  he found that the average number of fake fans of those celebrities users had reached about 17 percent . 
the structure mode and database connection method of the system is deeply analysis . 
"eni currently operates bloc 1 ,  in shallow waters ,  which is contiguous with bloc 15 ,  which is operated by us company exxon mobil . "
edifer is currently one of portugal ' s main construction companies and has annual turnover of around 400 million euros . 
"now ,  mr .  swedroe has a simple message for those who think they might have a magic touch .   ' you may get lucky .  but i think the odds are highly against you ,  '  he says . "
"i mean ,  i cut through three years of engineering meetings ,  design"
i ' m very aware of my responsibilities to get you out of here
"dynamical neuroscience ix :  timing ,  persistence and feedback control ,  national institute of mental health ,  november 9 ,  10 ,  2001 . "
there are levels .  there are c .  there are b .  there is a . 
"the two portuguese - speaking countries are ,  together with eastern europe ,  markets that the lg carregosa sees as priorities in its strategy for foreign expansion in order to overcome the“paucity of the portuguese market ,  ”duarte said . "
"but anything that ' s not flat on a screen is a new dimension , "
jerry and dawn watkins adopted the bird after she was found wandering around a car park . 
jin lu li zuhua civil division chief of training :  this group of hard  -  topic . 
"if china imported a mercedes and painted it green ,  it would rack up tens of thousands of export dollars . "
he started to applaud and the others joined in . 
then you may  -  -  and as early as you like and whatever you like  -  - 
"guys ,  we don ' t have time for this ! "
"that they can actually see their way towards getting better health , "
" "" we always schedule the negotiations for industrial goods after agriculture because people are very much looking into what is the concession that rich countries are going to make in agriculture and then they are going to say ,  yes ,  i am prepared to give some concessions for the reduction of tariffs for your products to get into my market or not .  this always depends on what happens in agriculture ,  ""  explained bosch . "
"you have the shade trees planted in year one , "
if a particle is moving it keeps on going in the same direction unless forces act upon it . 
"by tomorrow morning ,  you ' il wish you hadn ' t been born . "
the guy who got hit decided to grab a gun  -  - 
"and then from there we ' re gonna travel europe ,  ending with a one - week stay in monaco . "
"poul anderson ' s short story ""  sam hall ""  depicts the subversion of a dystopia heavily dependant on surveillance . "
"namtso kiss in one of the world ' s most remote regions ,  a tibetan peasant dressed in animal skins attends to her grandson near namtso lake . "
"most importantly ,  it acts as an astringent ,  which means that it raises the ph of the face after the use of alkaline soaps for shaving . "
" "" the goddes on the sky sees the lovers ,  .  .  .  ""   "" and sends the signals .  "" "
"eyeseyes are almond  -  shaped  ( almost triangular )  ,  never full or bulgy ,  and are dark in color . "
advertise the event so you will have plenty of witnesses toverifythat you are ofsanemind . 
"so ,  what ' s your stance on casual sex ,  bridesmaid ? "
children usually lisp until they are three of four . 
children should be educated in a correct  [ proper ]  way . 
the problem of radio  -  communication networks  ( rcn )  reliability with 2 terminal is considered . 
i don ' t want the dvd ;  i want the movie it carries . 
"and when he was come in ,  he saith unto them ,  why make ye this ado ,  and weep ?  the damsel is not dead ,  but sleepeth . "
"in a few weeks ,  everyone in the refugee camp"
" "" they have to bear the burden of high petroleum import costs ,  ""  he said .   "" they import 80 percent of the major grains produced in the country and they were hit by the fact that prices of major grains have increased substantially ,  ""  he said . "
"have a huge impact on the lung health of asthmatic patients , "
"the days when a car aficionado could repair his or her own car are long past ,  due primarily to the high software content . "
because i can ' t have someone lying to me . 
i ran out of excuses about how we got black eyes
"if you already own an ipad 2 ,  and like it ,  you shouldn ' t feel like you have to rush out to buy the new one . "
"ferguson may well have had it in mind to engineer a transition ,  but ben foster was undone when he had to justify his sound reputation by standing between the posts for united week after week . "
he told me what he thought about the party and i trembled for him . 
"that tree is actually a fir ,  not a pine . "
a picture the same no matter how much ? 
yet there is a growing feeling for the democratization of decisions concerning nonhuman life . 
the chest was opened immediately through the left fifth interspace and more than a liter of partly clotted blood emptied from the left pleural cavity . 
these things would drop down from above all through the weekend
"the current prime minister ,  recep tayyip erdogan has said he intends to run for the role of the president when the elections are held in 2014 . "
"mozi ' s teaching of the sense of the just corrects the confucian devotion the loyal bonds that unite family members ,  but which can degenerate into a nepotism that provides privileges to family members regardless of their performances . "
the expression levels of integrin α 4β 1 are paralleled by mast cell accumulation in the surroundings of hepotocarcinoma . 
"assist with ordering components for trouble shooting from dak ,  us . "
"your future is like that block of stone ,  your future has greatness inside it ,  but you have to carve the greatness out . "
you can depend on it that she ' ll always look after number one . 
and all of you made sure that he would never grow up to be a man . 
"though he had offended her on several occasion ,  she pocketed her pride and greeted him courteously every time they met"
"the new case was discovered after the baby girl ' s mother stopped treatment on her ,  and doctors realized that the virus was undetectable even without drugs ,  which hiv patients normally must take for the rest of their lives . "
the point to go away with is that none of these approaches is perfect ;  each has its strengths and weaknesses . 
" ' i was sitting at my desk one day and my phone rang ,  '  mr .  peitersen recalls . "
she wrapped a sheet of paper around the book . 
"in short ,  each of us can find their place in the student union ,  our after - school life can be rich and colorful absolutely ! "
"but rooted in that ,  little did she know how much knowledge"
"buyers of cloud services must take account of the dangers of lock  - in ,  and favour service providers who allow them to switch between services without too much hassle . "
"the knowledge that ' s been passed down from your ancestors .  .  .  from my grandfather to me ,  to those boys .  .  . "
that leaves developers to rely on third - party libraries  ( such as the bouncy castle lightweight cryptography package )  to support secure xml in midp applications . 
"now that i recall it ,  the harvard believed in by this relatively well - informed person  ( for that era )  was a cross between an ancient chinese school and a prison .  had he been shown the movie love story ,  which was made around the same time and was about a harvard student ,  he would have been devastated :   "" what ?  a student could date and get married while in school ?  "" "
we ' re gonna put a shunt into one of the ventricles to give the cerebrospinal fluid an out . 
"hong kong - no matter what they ' re called by their claimants in china ,  japan and taiwan ,  the east asian islands at the center of an angry dispute are little more than remote shards of guano - covered rock . "
"mr putin’s has signalled the kremlin’s anxiety either to find an exit from the snowden saga ,  which threatens to send already frayed us - russia relations to a new low ,  or at least publicly disavow any link to mr snowden’s actions . "
that a 60 - sec film can be as powerful as a haiku
we just have to make it out of this . 
i find that your book name is interesting . 
you may be perfectly honest and above board in your activities . 
"slit his wrist ,  did a little self - surgery ,  turned himself into a eunuch ,  right ? "
"however ,  the magazine rejected the suggestion that appearing in its pages was a  "" curse ""  . "
the plastic or cardboard container that holds a floppy disk . 
"a detachable part ,  as of a ticket or advertisement ,  that entitles the bearer to certain benefits ,  such as a cash refund or a gift . "
major holtz of special forces took command of the jedis . 
queues of people start lining up at my house
he sent us to one of the best schools in the city
"americans want to get rid of the deficit ,  they want smaller government ,  but they want bigger benefits from government . "
"that we ' re ever going to have ,  because the next closest galaxy"
"thewy people look ,  dress ,  nd ct revels their attitudes nd interests . "
traditions are clearly different in countries in southeast asia but the question is similar . 
time can be funny in dreams . 
"when the bar comes down ,  i catch it in my teeth ,  bench press it 20 times to work up an appetite ,  and then make off with the cheese . "
"he ' s 5 foot 4 inches tall ,  has no hair and he wears a perpetual frown on his face . "
"we introduce general property i of preference domains and show that given any domain satisfying property i ,  dictatorial rules are the only efficient and strategy - proof rules . "
"look ,  i ' m doing the best i can here . "
"he is a man of few words ,  but we all like him . "
"this week i am in chicago ,  houston ,  dallas ,  and nashville sharing my ideas and strategies with parents about the importance of early reading . "
i ' m angry and i ' m shouting at people and i ' m grabbing at them . 
"but in order to expand that ,  you need a river , "
"to find out how alligators breathe ,  scientists pumped fluids through the lungs of dead american alligators and measured the direction of the resulting airflow . "
"founded in 1997 ,  gulang garment print factory is a professional textile and garment printing service provider for customs . "
"our culture is our soul ,  and that ' s not dying tonight . "
the idea of a copy of every book of all the peoples of the world . 
"if the unqualified acceptance ,  waterproofing project as a whole must do it again ,  re  -  inspection . "
"in 1972 ,  with the exception of historically black colleges and universities ,  virtually no college offered women athletic scholarships . "
i personally believe that galileo he made the correct decision… … when leaving science by christ . 
a method of applying non  -  negative matrix factorization  ( nmf )  group strategy for face recognition is put forward . 
"it ' s not just your ex ' s smile that you miss and wish you could have back ,  it ' s the way you were at a particular moment a shutter snapped and a digital sensor touched light . "
he can hang out with whoever he wants ! 
"now if we make some guesses about how long homo erectus lived , "
the report says the drugs had meaning for  ( meaningful )  results only severally  ( severely )  depressed patients . 
"the results of the study ,  the researchers said ,  are being release to coincide with the olympic games to help spur lazy members of the public to choose to lead more active lives . "
"but while common ,  it has been traditionally thought of as the domain of the lower classes .  eating in public was  ( and in some places ,  still is )  associated with uncivilized ,  poorer people . "
"i would like large non - sequential bills in two clear plastic bags ,  unmarked . "
you don ' tgotta get involved in this no more . 
"i ' m telling you this because you , all of you here , are my strength . "
he was rated one of the richest men in the world . 
see their two appearances is seem to begin
if you were not able to take the scoreboard out of the arena
"i love tv game ,  pc game ,  specially love to modify them ! "
that was the first time i laid eyes on edward cole . 
"③ the results of the multiple stepwise linear regression analysis between the metabolic indexes and the activity of plasminogen activator inhibitor - 1 :  in the children group ,  the activity of plasminogen activator inhibitor - 1 was obviously correlated with the natural logarithm of insulin resistance ,  triglyceride and the genotype  ( r = 0 . 30 ,  p = 0 . 003 ;  r = 0 . 46 ,  p = 0 . 001 ;  r = 0 . 44 ,  p = 0 . 001 )  . "
"during the month of september  , a dear friend of mine lost her husband suddenly in an accident  . the tragedy was a shock to everyone . "
"so one of the seniors just came up to me , "
the testing and demarcation of magnification for tem is a fundamental testing technic in the transmission electron microscope  ( tem )  . 
"leave it to clergymen to blame society ' s ills on images of the unattainable .  imagining luxury is as human as imagining want .  the real ugliness of the age of austerity would be to limit innocent pleasures ,  to force misery on the modern mind .  it ' s bad economics  ( someone has to buy some stuff if the economy is to grow )  ,  and it ' s hopeless human psychology .  you can ' t impose austerity on the imagination . "
" "" licensor shall protect ,  defend and indemnify licensee from any claim or action litigation ,  or claim brought by a third party against licensee arising out of or in connection with the exploitation of know - how under contract .  "" "
"sniff would smell out the general direction of the cheese ,  using his great nose ,  and scurry would race ahead . "
"he did not propose to lose his temper ,  but merely to be persistent and agreeable ,  and by a few questions bring around a mild understanding of some sort . "
"and now looking back ,  i don ' t know what to say except thank you .  .  . "
he had no ideas of his own but the '  '  two whatevers  '  '  . 
every year i have to fork over more taxes to the government . 
"do you think of writers often ,  mr .  lopez ? "
the new law empowered the police to search private houses . 
"the brains of those with advanced alzheimer ' s are characterised by deposits , "
all the way back to the very first woman . 
"so ,  strain s  -  12  -  86 had the potential used at large scale in practice . "
"to get at underlying causes of traffic problems ,  the researchers needed to get information about the trips people are taking— where journeys start ,  finish ,  and how a commuter travels in between . "
"weariness was written all over her face .  her bright eyes now looked dejected and dull .  and the corners of her otherwise playful mouth wore an expression of unspeakable anxiety .  but ,  as a whole ,  she was bright ,  candid and trustworthy . "
"but the beijing launch ,  just hours after apple’s introduction of the new 5s and 5c iphones at its california headquarters ,  merely reiterated a higher than expected rmb4 , 488  (  $ 733 )  sales price for the cheaper 5c model and shed no light on a potential deal with china mobile ,  raising questions about the company’s ability to boost sales in the world’s fastest growing economies . "
and i want to first rehearse with you your whistling . 
"vera , you supervised that part of the dig . "
"and then i went to the fridge ,  and then .  .  . "
what ' s in a name ?  that which we call a rose by any other name would smell as sweet . 
"sir ,  i ain ' t at liberty to give out no information about our residents . "
"it shows special scene of chinese kongfu in the image to present the artistic of kongfu–like– dance ,  with the original of chinese kongfu culture ,  which compatible to several cultural patterns such as swordsman literature ,  chinese opera ,  esthetic ,  and the dance lion , etc . "
"did your pager really just go off ,  or are you ditching the conversation ? "
"you can ' t talk that way this weekend ,  okay ? "
"a part of the serbs and croatians in bosnia - herzegovina were converted to islam under the dictatorship of the ottoman empire ,  and they were classified as the muslims . "
"winslet also revealed that she will allow her children to watch the film ,  despite its infamous  ' nude portrait '  scene . "
"setting the date for the final agreement will depend on the availability of the mozambican president ,  armando guebuza ,  and portugal ' s prime minister ,  namburete said . "
there are close interactions between family enterprises  ( fes )  anti traditional industrial clusters  ( tics )  . 
syntactics is a subject to study abstract formal connexion among the signs . 
"as it was ,  it didn ' t take long for the bucket shops to get sore on me for beating them . "
"capstan the guns !   *   -   *  your courage ,  man . "
1 .  when people don ' t realize that a hit song is just a cover of another song . 
the phony managed to slide over the questions which were difficult for him to answer . 
"l ,  m and b are more associated with shapes that look like this , "
your mom is miserable to have a son like you ! 
"the countess had fallen asleep ,  and the count put off their departure till morning and went to bed . "
"for inspiring the vision to preserve one of the worlds most beautiful natural wonders ,  yellowstone lands at number six on our list . "
"the polarization of rich and poor in guangzhou ,  guangdong province is blatant .  non - natives and people from other parts of guangdong live on the edge of the city ,  while guangzhou natives live in the centre . "
i know not of this bender . 
"lf you ' d like to make a call ,  please hang up and try again . "
"luanda ,  angola ,  24 feb–the building materials factory ,  telha azul has been producing and distributing 30 , 000 cement roof tiles on a daily basis since last january ,  according to angolan news agency angop . "
there are specifically designed anal lubes available on the market ;  but any personal lubricant will do . 
"because ,  look  -  -  sunglasses and those long coats ,  and ,  of course , "
"it disgusts me when a man ' s late , "
"the room we happen to be in ,  the amplification ,  the quality of the instrument , "
"every once in a while ,  kick back on the couch with a bowl of popcorn ,  a cozy 2 blanket and watch a real chick flick3 with mom ! "
i want you to slice my head off with an al jarreau lp . 
"i mean , there are words that go in there . "
why the fuck are you still getting rides from your mother ? 
with war criminals attached to the trigger . 
congress did that in febuary february with the american recovery and reinvestment act . 
"the portuguese minister began on monday in maputo a two - day visit to mozambique to assess the implementation of agreements between the two countries in the transport and communications sector ,  especially the management of infrastructures ( airports ,  ports and railways )  . "
currently they are neck and neck in the race . 
the internet was supposed to homogenize everyone by connecting us all . 
books and arts ;  book review ; the spread of disease ; germs and money ; 
"so ,  if we can avoid any further bloodshed ,  if we can make this process somehow successful ,  i think it can be ,  perhaps the best option for pakistan . "
my girl friends go out every night . 
objective to explore an advance on depression in patients with peri - minopausalperiod . 
i didn ' t have time to post it . 
about a third to half of them were infected with malaria . 
i want it to be our secret . 
"now let’s listen to the dialogue again ,  this time at a normal speed . "
"release information will be moved into each request ,  so that anyone who submits a request must fill in the release label there  ( see figure 8 )  . "
" "" we ' re hugely excited .  we ' re looking forward to spending the rest of our lives together ,  ""  he added . "
"and what she planned would happen once she went there ,  you know . "
we can talk about that when i ' m dead . 
dentist :  can i make arrangements to open an automatic transfer account for my income tax payments . 
write the book of how things have came about as they are today . 
the droids have started up their main power generators . 
"the diminutive suffix  -  ling in  "" duckling ""  denotes affection . "
"in september nineteen seventy - five ,  israel and egypt signed an agreement that included permission for american civilians to act as observers along the ceasefire lines . "
he ' s an artist with the american greeting card company . 
and you look up at the sky through a hole in the clouds
he did not lose any rhinos but decided to increase security . 
"chinese students '  whopping schooling fees can be compensated for by cutting - edge programs ,  top - tier scholars ,  and greater academic rigor offered by blue - ribbon us universities . "
different designs of the denture support structure on mandibular titanium framework wereanalysed under various loadings . 
since i ' m on the road of no return
"let ' s say hello ,  let ' s say hello . "
"well ,  our genes are not our fate ,  and if we make these changes  -  - "
"the research ,  which is about the urban household garbage ,  fertilization using garbage and feeding rainworm with garbage in countryside ,  has been done deep the result shows that in some cases the urban household garbage can provide well organic fertilizer for agriculture ,  better soil make up and improve much muck component of the soil according to character of the urban household garbage and the circumstance of the soil resource it is a just way for the mountainous area to handle the urban household garbage by the combination of compost and landfill"
rsw :  what ' s the status of the new york project ? 
queen elizabeth has led the largest river pageant in london for more than 300 years as part of celebrations to mark her diamond jubilee . 
"so this should really be seen at home with you typing in your own address , "
"see ,  those birds won ' t get you through the winter ,  please cover up my boy , "
"i ' ve tried many times to tell you ,  but i ' ll say it again :  i love you mother . "
thousands of men and women have been preparing to dazzle the world with their crisp steps and immaculate formations on oct 1 . 
he made a big mistake for he hadn ' t grasped the realities of situation . 
no point in getting a carpenter in to do such a simple job .  why not do it yourself ? 
"and what he said ,  for me ,  was very moving . "
those are the winky dink crayons .  i know what you ' re saying . 
the president said he and his wife paid more on their student loans than they did on the mortgage on theircondoduring their first eight years of marriage . 
"another delegation ,  while supportive of the concept of evaluation ,  suggested that such evaluation should be guided by stated objectives .  "" "
"folly delights a man who lacks judgment ,  but a man of understanding keeps a straight course . "
"in a united cause ,  in terms of something that would be"
"egypt has been a territorial state since the first pharaoh in 3150 bc ,  but it has never once in five millennia experimented with democracy . "
she moved to new mexico with her kids . 
"egg white :  also known as albumen ,  egg whites are very low in calories ,  little fat ,  no cholesterol ,  and are loaded with protein . "
many freshmen have a variety of mental problems because of the change of environment and the change of roles . 
results show that coatings on floodgate surface keep intact after 5 years . 
but there ' s another challenge to science symbolized at the bottom . 
sebastian and i are a couple of heathens . 
"i was the youngest by at least a decade , "
contest rules are the basic regulation and basic rules of sports contest .  sports technology is a general designation of special action which can make the athletes give full play . 
"early in the protest ,  the small group managed to get inside the embassy compound . "
earning lots of money is a good thing because  -  unlike the way we french see things  -  the search for profit does not rule out generosity . 
"but i wasn ' t ready ,   -  lnman ,  ,  , "
"and keep the ideas that you ' ve gotten out of here going , "
koulikov studied under him at zossen before the war . 
mr .  lee conditioned further aid on steps by north korea to end its pursuit of nuclear weapons . 
and that the bacteria would kill everything in its way . 
that it ' s going to be very hard to have an intelligent discussion . 
"so if we want to keep the lights on , "
"because we have seen for example ,  in some of the areas in southeast asia ,  that when you lack the transparency that democracy brings ,  then you can get the kind of crony capitalism that can lead to very ill - advised economic policies"
"that its form expresses fitness ,  the perfect fulfillment of function .  "" "
these weakened children are more vulnerable to cholera and a host of other diseases . 
"and when you gone ,  you stay gone , "
"this paper chose two remote sensing images  ( mss image in 1976 and tm image in 1999 )  and interpreted them .  according to the picture materials and relevant standards which the national agricultural district committee made ,  combining the detailed conditions of lake region and research purpose ,  we divided the area into nine kinds :  deep water ,  shallow water ,  mud bank ,  sand ground ,  tongue grass ,  reed ,  grassy marshland ,  farmland ,  residential area . "
but china is a non  -  market economy that is dominated by the state sector . 
"mila kunis placed second on the list ,  followed by kate upton ,  pop star rihanna and emma stone . "
"if you grant them ,  no more of your people need die . "
he turned his head and looked across at me . 
"while there are still people hoping to make a living writing a blog  ( not as a tool for something else ,  but as an end into itself )  ,  that ' s awfully difficult to do . "
lack of social gatherings in this remote countryside was her main beef . 
as for xie :  earlier this year he finally managed to become a quality inspector in a small city in shanxi province .  but his daily routine is far from the ideal picture he had in mind . 
"this is not just an exotic ,  ornamental sweet pepper . "
" "" i ' ve come to see how you live "" "
"this article include three parts :  for ego ,  real ego and self - abnegation . "
"every year ,  i rehearse my own little act ,  just in case . "
"what if in yourlittle black medical bag you had— not 20 pills ,  two scalpels ,  and an orthopedic hammer —butalso all quadrants ,  all waves ,  all streams ,  all states ,  and all types ? "
"reading this book ,  we can identify with the main character ' s struggle against evil . "
it ' s just impossible to find good help these days . 
"if we do not work hard ,  we ' ll be defeated by the rival business firm . "
"and ,  heck ,  they ' re used to going off and doing these things"
"and when it does ,  it needs a team of biomedical engineers"
i hear they are for the festival . 
"now ,  leg humping is like a virus . "
a white house spokesperson reports that the president was taken to an undisclosed military hospital following the crash . 
but some gaming veterans reckon the headsets will appeal only to hard - core gamers . 
"the brachylogy of autograph do one ' s best ,  marked ,  theme that reflects an article . "
ibn ' abbas in the explanation of the statement of allah . 
the doctor gave express orders that the patient was to have no visitors . 
"dear o .  m . o .  :  you probably don ' t want to hear this but ,  if you want to stay in this job ,  you ' re going to have to keep trying .   "" this is hard ,  because you have to humble yourself a little and find a way to see things from this manager ' s point of view ,  ""  says karin hurt ,  ceo of baltimore - based executive coaching firm let ' s grow leaders .  she wrote a book ,  overcoming an imperfect boss :  a practical guide to building a better relationship with your boss ,  that you might find useful . "
"then i ask them :   "" are you visible ?  can others around you observe your actions and hear your words ?  if you are visible ,  show me your hands .  ""  then ,  of course all the hands go up quickly .  and i say  "" if you are visible ,  you are a leaders .  others will see what you do ,  listen to what you say and they are going to assume you know what you doing .  and they will copy your style .  as a result ,  everyone is a leader .  it ' s just that some people don ' t know they are leaders .  "" "
"reality of  ( comp ) ressor will mangle in surge severity , indeed entire running device will shutdown .  our company ' s  ( 3 . 5 mt / a )  fcc unit adopted triconex control system . "
the distance between the two cities was in those days too great to permit of frequent contact . 
i actually moved very close to them .  i live right down the street from them now . 
my family was moved from phnom penh to pursat province . 
so how can i create a good 1 nest egg for retirement ? 
"however ,  any design you come up with should support your functions ,  and in fact be intrinsically tied to it . "
"they say they will now transfer saif al - islam from the town of zintan ,  where he ' s been held for the past three months by the militia group that captured him ,  to a prison they are building in tripoli . "
"actually ,  remember i said she ' s a girl and a friend . "
when we encounter a new situation we have a tendency
is there no man brave enough to be my valet ? 
confirm that you have a mutual understanding of what ' s being communicated . 
"now once people start looking at this ,  they say ,  ah ,  this is a laptop project . "
"“in normal circumstances xiao yueyue would be a loser .  people get the same enjoyment reading about her abnormal behavior as they do watching charlie chaplin comedies , ” said jing tiankui ,  a researcher at the institute of sociology of the chinese academy of social sciences . "
"“our secret weapon in globalization is we know how to assimilate people , ” wattenberg said . "
it would have run afoul of jupiter and been chucked into interstellar space . 
this is your life .  this is  .  .  .  this is  .  .  .  this is your life . 
"in the three camps where we see refugees with acute jaundice syndrome  ,  more than half are between 20 and 39 , ” said edwards . "
a data acquisition and processing system applied to experimental studies of tripler is completed . 
the reproductive quality of audio tapes has improved enormously . 
"mary :  oh ,  darn it i thought i was still in palm springs . "
"well ,  you must behis favorite uncle then . "
"her way of singing ,  word choices ,  extreme sound ,  radical visual images ,  the bitchy way she sang — no one thought of doing that before . "
igepe manages the state ' s stakes in over 100 companies although the source did not tell macauhub the names of the companies in which the state plans to sell of its interests . 
"it is needless to add that this forest ,  as well as the coast already surveyed ,  was destitute of any sign of human life . "
theater awakens our senses and opens the door to our imagination . 
"the girls were nothing loth ,  for the house was splendid ,  and the welcome kind enough . "
"don ' t spoil it ,  we need him at the moment . "
and look here when i take you into my bubble graphs . 
"another third heard it was capable of experience ,  by being told it could feel hunger ,  fear and other emotions . "
" "" now is the time for a strong international response and north korea must know that the path to security and respect will never come through illegal weapons ,  ""  obama said . "
the pilot was forced to change course halfway through the six hour flight and make an unscheduled stop at kansas city so officers could escort the woman from the plane . 
flows b1  -  b4 show how it is reused by a remote rich client java ee application . 
was actually use a new type of network at the time
"what ' s beautiful is ,  you can probably see on the limb there"
our children enjoyed watching the ebb and flow of the tide when we were spending the weekend at the seaside . 
why do so many cancer patients choose alternative treatments ? 
that will give them a further 30 or maybe 50 years . 
so i get a call at work . 
you can trace back each of the characteristics to one or more soa principles that provide integrity to the principles and the characteristics . 
"rb :  no ,  he told me jump ,  but once his weight had gone , "
"the sheriff accuses federal government of undermining his authority ,  and says he ' s not afraid of going to court . "
"criticism ,  name  -  calling and orders only make a child angry and defensive . "
"the spread of diseases ,  natural disasters ,  environmental change ,  bioterrorism or chemical spills can all have a major impact on people ,  their societies and economies around the world . "
"i know you probably think that this is all about what i said the other day about you making love with your socks on ,  but it isn ' t .  .  .  it isn ' t ,  it ' s about me ,  and i ju - "
on long now land .  i should say that the age of bristlecones
but what if that ' s not what he meant ? 
between a quarter and half of the water molecules that fall in the western amazon have previously fallen on the rainforest . 
the french kings claimed precedence over those of spain . 
we wouldn ' t know what to do with him
i am but mad north - north - west when the wind is southerly i know a hawk from a handsaw .   .  .  . 
"elon musk ,  chairman ,  product architect and ceo ,  telsa motors inc . "
now it ' s time for the real battle . 
"tuesday the chairman of the bank ' s board ,  paix ão j únior ,  said that the bank had been growing every year ,  with its total net assets increasing from us $ 930 million in 2004 to us $ 1 . 6 billion in 2005 . "
yet the hospital became most famous for something different . 
"the system can effectively detect the pulse signal when pulse - widthτ≥ 0 . 7μs , duty -  cycle d <  1 / 2000 , and its amplitude p ≥―15 dbm .  by controlling the time between interruptions , the system can eliminate the influence of disturbance signal efficiency .  experiments have proved that the system is simple in its circuit , effective and reliable in operating performance . "
is drunken allergy belonged to do not belong to nettle rash ? 
the concept of resource city and mining industry city is equal not completely . 
" "" we only have out  -  of  -  date books that do not fulfill students '  expectations ,  ""  he said . "
a good tale is none the worse for being twice told . 
the article discusses over regularization methods :  the first kind of integral equation . 
how can i remove the rust from the iron door ? 
"yeah ,  i know cops from the 31 were there before you ,  ray . "
"its replacement ,  set to a stirring tune composed by alexander alexandrov ,  was a sentimental and militaristic ditty that gave equal weight to lenin and stalin : "
there is exactly 42 minutes and 20 seconds left till the new year . 
how comes an orphan to have any name at all ? 
"america is not likely to ease off .  having at last got china’s attention ,  it is loth to let it go . "
"i soon empty ' d the hogshead of that bread ,  and wrapt it up parcel by parcel in pieces of the sails ,  which i cut out ;  and in a word ,  i got all this safe on shore also . "
"this games will be a milestone in olympic history ,  and in the history of china . "
"their physique and character ,  has not changed for thousands of years . "
excitement and exhilarating entertainment part of the experience you will feel in the great rides to be had at the magnificent theme parks in california . 
"to catch the hunter ,  you start with the prey . "
its your chance to vote for the next big internationnal superstar . 
"upon her return to china she acted in five films ,  but barely promoted them . "
"for god ' s sakes ,  she ' s just a child . "
"and when the weight of both elevator car and its counterpoise decreases ,  the allowable load will decrease with likelihood of skidding ,  is drawn . "
do you feel you might better off in a different size company ?  different type company ? 
they got rivera warming up in the bull pen . 
it ' s not paranoia if someone ' s out to get you . 
"from the moment of his birth ,  the customs into which he is born shape his experience and behaviour . "
"for they speak against you wickedly ,  and your enemies take your name in vain . "
"if i had to just sort of paint a broad picture ,  i ' d say ,  remember the people"
i think have a much more hidebound attitude or sense of music  -  - 
that is the exact market equivalent of 100 pounds of gold . 
that would push 2013 sales up to a robust 15 . 7 million units . 
and all they do is hate me . 
"after switch on ,  detection very optimism ,  in view of the fact everyone of two time cooperation ,  so we the devotion of each member of set arrive take medium ,  find out oneself of something to do want . "
"for too many cios that means doing a cost benchmarking study ,  which in itself is not a bad idea ,  but it yields little insight into the strategic use of technology . "
and he said that it was river ganges flowing right behind us which actually invited him to come here and do work and to help the people of the city . 
he cut desperately at the rope in an attempt to free his foot . 
then you better have a pilot ' s licence . 
i ' m gonna be king of pride rock . 
"in 2002 ,  the global fund to fight aids ,  tuberculosis  ( tb )  and malaria ,  an international institution that raises funds to support over 1000 anti - aids programs in more than 150 countries was formed ; "
it gets cold quickly when the sun goes down . 
"if i drank as much coffee as you people ,  i ' d be up till 7 : 00 . "
"vassili ,  is it true that you volunteered for the front ? "
"todd and pete got up to the summit ridge ,  up in here , "
your monthly repayments will depend on the amount borrowed and term . 
"federal support for higher education remains at historically high levels ,  but states have cut back .  to make matters worse ,  endowments  ( and their returns )  have shrunk ,  money from philanthropy has dried up and those universities that provide need - based aid have suddenly found their students are needier . "
"with humans being back on top ,  we took our natural place at their side . "
"listen ,  they ' re prepared to drop all charges against you which is extremely lenient ,  given the circumstances . "
this is an object that is so massive and dense that not even light can flee its gravitational field . 
be bigger and more powerful than fomo – fear of missing out . 
"at night there ' s more blood flow to the skin ' s surface ,  and there ' s nothing else on your face tointerferewithabsorption . "
there ' s no way to get there other than to ride a bus for sixteen hours a day for two days straight and then get a jeep for another day and ride horseback for five or six hours to get to this monastery . 
would you like to use chopsticks or knife and fork ? 
i made this for her one christmas . 
"to begin ,  i would like a mom volunteer to offer the group one particular example of failed communication with your nanny . "
and here i want to remind you of a wonderful point
"whereas before they ' d built these special information processing structures , "
" #  the word of the gentleman ,  the word of the gentleman in zion  # "
"no ,  i haven ' t seen her ,  but you missed it . "
"chen xi ,  a 21 - year - old at wuhan university ,  likes to play three - kingdoms - themed games ,  but he never takes on the role of cao cao .   "" cao is a bad guy .  i knew it from the first bedtime story my parents told me ,  ""  he said . "
"in terms of quantity ,  there was a rise of 0 . 9 percent in the period with cocoa exports rising from 2 , 413 tons in 2005 to 2 , 434 tons in 2006 . "
there are a lot tougher ways of making a living than going to war . 
"the surname of his family is sun ,  a non  -  native one in gaojiazhuang . "
"well ,  there ' s nothing more boring than a winner ' s quotes . "
"the translations that we get are as accurate as those of professional language translators , "
you hit me in the face ! 
we should do everything we can to pursue it . 
the result of that bubble was a bear market that is already into its third decade . 
"the systematize and the principle of interest ,  and of living ,  safety and education ;  the method to change the apparatus specifications of the teaching materialization of apparatus gymnastics ,  the way to change the standards of technological action ,  the way of the fusing of relative material ; "
"according to a brand - new biomimetics pattern recognition theory , a new method realized with neural network to fulfill speaker recognition is presented , which takes advantage of the complicated coverage formed by high - order neural network to construct area of different speakers in feature space to recognize . "
"it ' s easy to get stressed and overwhelmed when you ' re always on - the - go .  especially in today ' s work reality when we ' re reachable at all hours thanks to email ,  smartphones ,  and cloud computing . "
" "" military planning needs to be innovative and come with surprise "" "
"though the problem is widespread ,  no one seems to have any idea of how to make it better .  as you discovered ,  confronting him is pointless .  you just about got away with it last time :  next time instead of having a coronary he might chop your head off . "
about three quarters of the non  -  government schools are catholic .  most non  -  government schools charge fees . 
then you won ' t know how to swim ! 
"you don ' t want meto come ,  i ' m not coming . "
you think i should try a more direct approach ? 
"of course ,  i ' m sure you ' re a gentleman . "
you can ' t pay far above par a 12 percent bond and earn 12 percent for yourself . 
"chico ,  which is one of the largest chinese construction companies working outside of china ,  operates in over 20 countries in asia and africa including mozambique and angola . "
the federal trade commission launched its investigation after it emerged that google despite earlier pledges had overridden the safeguards on its safari web browser allowing advertisements to be shown to users and outside parties to monitor user ' s activity without their consent . 
"first ,  journalize accounting entries for all transactions occurred and post the entries in ledger accounts . "
" "" but in terms just of risk ,  he would have been a lot safer on the street ,  where 99 out of 100 libyans would welcome him with open arms ,  than he was in that safe haven ,  ""  he said . "
she remembers one student who learned from her mother not to pick up a crying baby . 
"and for the next two hours ,  they all waited with me : "
"and thirdly ,  it had to be something which she could carry in her kit . "
the hard bandage holds the bone in place while a heilsit heals . 
"now ,  try to imagine 40 ,  50 films wrapped ,  distributed ,  every week"
draw art to already present to common people with its unique glamour inside . 
"they have gone through the past month or so of very hard effort to reach the point where they can begin to consolidate and control ground that they have won so ,  by no means this is over yet .  .  .  . "
dave :  i really feel sorry for that rhumba boy if he ever 3 identifies himself . 
"questioned by the press ,  the minister did not confirm the report ,  saying only that several companies had shown interest in developing energy resources off the portuguese coast . "
"ways you can manage to hurt yourself ,  right ? "
we need a credible system for winding up even huge financial institutions . 
my vacation runs from the middle of july to september . 
what rank were you when you were arrested ? 
we wish you a merry christmas  ( good luck /  a safe journey )  . 
"we ' ve got a gabe upstairs who ' s very old ,  very sick . "
"but they worked together to bring ,  for almost four years now , "
"it is part of the traditional chinese culture ,  excellent material and craftsmanship ,  also carrying the significance of ancient and artful meaning ,  with strong life . "
"aiming at cracking problems of concrete for construction , the cracking reasons are expounded in the paper from the several aspects such as the temperature stress , raw material quality , contraction deformation , and rust corrosion as well as quality of construction technology . the relative control measures are also proposed in it . "
"with the government reluctant to crack down again for fear of stalling the entire economy ,  some analysts fear another credit - fuelled real estate bubble is in the making . "
"how feeble and pale he looked ,  amid all his triumph ! "
"lisbon ,  portugal ,  02 feb–the angola stock and derivatives exchange ( bvda )  ,  due to be set up this year ,  is expected to launch with annual turnover of close to us $ 12 billion ,  a ministry of finance spokesperson said . "
"they get the name of the gang behind them ,  for merchandising and marketing . "
we need relative figures that are connected to other data
but now we ' re the human looking out and imagining a different human . 
"but what he ' s really looking for is for someone to shovel him out when he gets snowed in , "
"under the new circumstance ,  we think that hospital should cut down the cost of medical service by the way of carrying out total cost accounting ,  only along the direction of good quality ,  high efficiency and low consumption , the sustainable development of hospital can be promoted . "
"well ,  if the peak ph that cells have is around seven , "
"in this situation ,  it ' s not uncommon to see tests that look like listing 6 . "
there is also a 24  -  hour rail booking office at delhi international airport . 
"announcing master kong qiu ,  the mayor of zhongdu"
"and this ,  if we believe the capuchin monkey results , "
these are our tools .  these are how we sold it to ford . 
"if you speak a language you take part ,  to some degree ,  in the way of living represent by that language . "
"the supreme happiness of life is the conviction that one is loved : loved for oneself ,  or better yet ,  loved despite oneself . "
and i was sure that i was going to have a heart attack . 
i ' d say crosswords to me are probably an obsession . 
if people in poorer countries can be hit by a crisis that starts in new york
"considerably increase the glossiness ,  adhesive force ,  fullness and aging resistance of theproducts . "
"if you measure the vibrational frequencies ,  they are the same as s - h . "
you better do it now before another woman beats you to it . 
they know the best place for seeing a rainbow . 
my morning routine varies little from day to day . 
will often be portrayed  -  -  not always  -  -  in glamorous forms . 
"because of this ,  you never have to worry about running out of global symbol space from linking in too many shared objects . "
"writing a to - do list is a simple ,  satisfying way to tackle a day ' s objectives . "
and then appear to not breathe while they were oxygenating my blood ? 
"thank you ,  but i do not want to eat . "
"to tan ,  to develop more pigment in their skin , "
the test results of the optical fiber delay line were offered . 
is the research that we ' ve been doing on illiteracy
don ' t be fooled by men who apologize . 
all droid units must shut down immediately . 
"student :  a police car pulls up in front ,  and a cop comes to the front door , "
"having attained the entertaining center ,  the retained man was detained and sustained pain . "
prime minister berlusconi said this agreement should put an end to 40 years of discord and is a concrete and moral acknowledgment of the damage inflicted on libya by italy during the colonial era . 
conclusion using anti  -  shock  -  trousers is efficient for acute traumatic hemorrhagic shock . 
"here ,  boys do a lot better at maths than girls—but less better than they used to ,  as the researchers discovered . "
"and if you do everything right ,  you will end up"
she was on her way to the set . 
"if you take a ball of - a big rock and you put it right over the infield ,  that ' s how big this asteroid was . "
"maybe love is not blind ,  as long as there’s someone ,  like wang ,  who always lights up a light for you . "
i ' il let you knowwhen i have it . 
"mr hollande is with supporters in his political base ,  the southern town of tulle ,  but here in paris ,  the outgoing president nicolas sarkozy has delivered a dignified concession speech  . "
"the 3gsm world congress asia is the asian version of the european congress ,  which also saw a similar change of location when it left cannes for barcelona in 2006 . "
that ' s what you wrote on your inscription form . 
"if you screw up any of my high scores , "
a key feature of this round of dialogue is that many things are new . 
now there are two things that are really interesting about this . 
"and his family ,  we all worshiped him . "
i didn ' t spend my last 20 years doing nothing . 
"from these apprentices ,  the most able will then judged the chapter ' s apothecaries and chaplains and the worthy wilt taken to prometheus to undergo the bio - surgery required to make them into space marines . "
"i don ' t know if you ' venoticed ,  but it ' s quite an important point . "
"working a full 8 to 9 hour day in my clinic ,  i had lived on a strictregimenduring the four years of getting into bed by 9 : 30pm ,  so i could quiet my mind and feel a sense of surrender before turning out the lights at 11 . "
"her magnanimity provoked his tears :  he wept wildly ,  kissing her supporting hands ,  and yet could not summon courage to speak out . "
but the evidence is that plants  -  -  and i want to make this clear  -  - 
"if i have to come back here , "
and i want two extra bags of peanut clusters . 
here are those five things you should never say to yourspouse : 
"so i ' m thinking maybe the reason you don ' t want surgery .  .  .  is that while your husband will find you attractive no matter what ,  all the other men you ' re sleeping with might not be so open - minded . "
i thoughti told you to stay in the cockpit ! 
"the iphone 5s '  s triumph over the camera offers a lesson in how smartphones and tablets will co - opt most other devices in our lives ,  from pcs to videogame systems to even our wallets and our keys . "
"the paper interprets the difficulty and necessity of determining personnel labour quota under new conditions ,  modifies and simplifies the traditional theory and method . "
you seem to have made quite an impression . 
"david ( letterman )  is a fair and decent guy and makes me laugh as much as anyone ,  said ( jay )  leno ,  who was raked over the coals another competitor ,  arsenio hall ,  when leno took over johnny carson ' s seat last may . "
he ' s a guy who was in the bar . 
"i didn ' t do it as well ,  but we managed to get youssou n ' dour ,  sting , "
"ok ,  enough of those disappointing films we ' ve had this holiday .  after some people ' s negative talk about zhang yimou ' s a simple noodle story ,  people seem to feel they need a better reason to pay hollywood blockbuster  ( e . g .  2012 )  prices for a chinese model .  fortunately ,  bodyguards and assassins has come at the right time . "
"fábio ,  don ' t meddle in this shit .  .  . "
"under the in broad daylight ,  his no one ' s i . "
korean concept of discrimination in the national non  -  discrimination the chinese people ah ? 
"well ,  i know i wouldn ' t have been a very good carer ,  but in a way i actually think i ' m quite a good donor . "
only wants to go to the feelings to be worth for oneself . 
"when he walks ,  the very ground shakes . "
you want to take a guess who just escaped from jail ? 
a cio can quickly see which applications need improvement and which are meeting corporate objectives . 
"murray stayed with jackson as an ambulance rushed him from his  $ 100 , 000 - a - month rented mansion in holmby hills to ucla medical center . "
"at that meeting ,  south africa ' s home affairs minister became the first woman to lead the african union commission . "
"after that ,  obviously ,  a lot of things have changed . "
a quiver or a quake what i need is one mistake
"well ,  you have a sweet bike .  .  .  and you ' re really good at hookin '  up with chicks . "
"make sure you ask your dad next time ,  okay ? "
" "" i ' ve convinced myself of something since arriving here .  "" "
i only want one port of entry . 
"the most common form of dementia is alzheimer ' s disease ,  and currently ,  it can only be definitively diagnosed in an autopsy ,  by examining the brain . "
i ' ve found a second -  hand car i want to buy and i would be grateful if you would me with me to give it the once -  over . 
the system has succeeded in providing greater price stability for consumers . 
"most scholar thinks ,  the varicocele is one of main pathogenies of sterility ,  the amount that can affect spermatozoon is caused with quality not yo . "
i still want to hang outdespite that joke . 
"like airline tickets ,  the price for a budget hotel depends on when you book it  -  the earlier ,  the cheaper .  it ' s a great idea to look for yha  ( youth hostels association )  backpackers ,  or bed  &  breakfast deals online . "
"now that thing ,  light flickers across it as you move , "
"the latency influence of christian ' s culture had developed into a moral ambit ,  an escape from bitterness or a confession consciousness . "
how many individual channels in that mix am i listening to ? 
"pretty young women sashay across stage ,  thoughtfully answer questions and perform dances but the rabin ajaw pageant ,  which picks guatemala ' s maya indian beauty queen ,  is no typical beauty contest . "
like this and tried to come near me . 
"don ' t irritate her ,  she ' s on a short fuse today . "
"you never did like me anyway ,  did you ? "
i couldn ' t watch them drive away as the tears were blinding me . 
"analysis of the effects from network  -  induced delay ,  have become the chief problem of the control system . "
"epilogue :  summing up lin huiyin ' s glorious lifetime of loneliness ,  as well as the literary value and realistic significance of her pursuit of pure beauty in the national new culture . "
but the most i m portant thi ng you should know about me .  .  .  is that i don ' t have a mama . 
measure not the work until the day ' s out and the labor done . 
"we hope that comrades at all levels ,  and at the grass -  roots level in particular ,  will carry forward our glorious traditions ,  unite as one ,  work hard and uncomplainingly ,  share the burdens of the party ,  the state and the people ,  and never slacken their efforts . "
and so it made no sense for us as a species to put any energy
"still ,  work is not the only thing to talk about is it ? "
"anyway ,  i could teach him to play cricket and rugby and visit him at eton on st andrew ' s day . "
what exactly is your persuasion on the big man ? 
"objective to examine whether domestic  -  made pga scaffold affects human tennocyte ,  keloid and skin fibroblast proliferation . "
"you sure are a strange one ,  henmi . "
and there was hope  -  -  as told in a letter home written by a soldier in the 7th cavalry . 
"when they are worked out ,  it will be possible to determine the relationship with the various surrounding centers that were contemporaneous with this culture . "
i don ' t want to do this no more . 
"it is showed that there was obvious imbalance of neuropeptides in rat models of spleen deficiency syndrome and the sijunzi decoction could regulate the neuropeptides , which might be one of the therapeutical mechanism of treating spleen deficiency syndrome with sijunzi decoction"
"the first thing she does when she wakes up every single morning is to practice her baby talk ,  which is always on time like an alarm and lasts far more longer . "
"also according to the newsletter ,  the grn has instructions to seek support from portuguese entities ,  with which it has already been in contact . "
i developed a simple technique of seeing auras and i was able to see the auras of non - living objects straight away .  after a couple of days i started seeing my own aura . 
beyond it we can see minesweepers patrolling the bay .  it underlines the relentless buildup of russian forces . 
the findings are based on thousands of community - based surveys in 44 african countries and territories .  these are places where malaria has been endemic . 
and how the ignition timing worked and all sorts of things . 
the action had the expected effect of raising borrowing costs for the japanese government . 
"ok ,  uh ,  you love elvis costello ,  you hate opera . "
to be ignorant of one′ s ignorance is the malady of the ignorant . 
"the strategy of using byte index values in the place of tags reduces the size of restructured documents somewhat ,  but also limits the algorithm to handling dtds with fewer than 254 distinct tags . "
i bet the one you ' re wearing stinks pretty bad . 
they are using computerised tomography  ( ct )  to analyse the structures of fabrics at high resolution and then plugging the results into cgi . 
there ' s a drug that you can give to mice at a pretty old age
a thirty  -  six volt battery can carry the rickshaw forty kilometers . 
the website that gives you the downlow on the best movies
these are the results of the hard problem i gave you : 
"while major retailers and banks are likely to be well - prepared for the end of xp ,  financial systems based on the software are also in the hands of a far - reaching hodgepodge of independent atm operators and small businesses . "
when mrs .  drucker was brought to the emergency department
"if i ' d asked for the payoff ,  which i didn ' t , "
"the chinese government act in the m & as of enterprises has the functions of administrative coordination and substitution of market and the function of guarantee in the twofold restraints of the function lack of market system and enterprise m & as system barrier .  but at the same time the efficiency paradox of the government act exists ,  so it is urgent to standardize the government act in m & as of enterprises with perfect law and reasonably demarcate the jurisdiction of the central and the local property rights . "
"they ask me ,  i ' il tell them what you want me to tell . "
"like most consumer companies ,  automakers like to appeal to young people early on .  it helps them build brand loyalty -  -  the idea that if your first car was ,  say ,  a honda ,  so might your last .  that job ,  however ,  is becoming increasingly difficult .  it ' s not that young adults aren ' t buying cars -  -  studies suggest they could just be delaying the purchase .  all this makes it hard not to wonder if all the attention automakers pay to millennials is even worth it . "
"after all ,  inexperienced men are just animals waiting to be let out of their cages . "
"vassili ,  is it true that you volunteered for the front ? "
ultrasound scanners are used for tasks as diverse as examining unborn babies and searching for cracks in the fabric of aircraft . 
the contract shall become effective as soon as it signed by both parties . 
"in another twist to the much - blogged about jack ma interview ,  the south china morning post reporter who interviewed the founder and executive chairman of alibaba group holding ltd .  has resigned ,  according to a statement on the newspaper’s website early this morning . "
what would you do if you were audited by the irs ? 
"israeli tanks and helicopters attacked his headquarters in ramallah in december ,  2001 . "
now let us play hide and seek .  should you hide in my heart it would not be difficult to find you . 
" "" i love you ""  might be one of the most important combinations of three words in the english language .  it ' s the signal that a romantic relationship is serious ,  an indication of closeness for a sibling ,  parent ,  or child ,  and a constant refrain for pop songs . "
"it was almost a block in the economy in new england , "
cove energy is quoted on the alternative investment market of the london stock exchange .  it focuses activity on the identification and acquisition of oil and natural gas assets in their initial phase and subsequent sale to medium - sized and large companies in the sector . 
"to conclude this tribute ,  i ' d like you to applaud the president of the children ' s trust organizer of tonight ' s show in memory of his son ,  he ' s going to lead the riders out . "
all of which are referable to our eye as one species . 
 ' why are the bbc folks scaring us ?  '  vasily konov wrote in this personal twitter account .   ' this is what the gents look like at football stadiums in russia .  ' 
at the end of that yellow arrow is a vapor bubble . 
will you indicate the dosage for the sedatives ? 
chinese fraudsters are doing a roaring trade in fake sick notes designed to help football fans skip work during this month ' s world cup . 
"you want me to let my client of 15 years ,  one of my best friends ,  die in the jungle ,  alone ,  for some money and a g5 ? "
white men are sure to have rifles . 
you must send some sample to the customer before you go abroad . 
"ok ,  so how do we think about this in general ? "
faith lapidus :  much of the water the world uses comes from snow . 
"almost 130 science ,  engineering and medical academies worldwide are also involved . "
" "" for i know that wherever i go"
is who put across the such to you . 
"enterprise ,  we are the reman war bird ,  scimitar . "
"but we have a sense of what the models are , "
"from the point of contact of life consciousness the essay probes deeply into the existing state of the firmness and struggle , understanding and separation , tear and fall into depravity of su fang , si yi and wen qing , and displays the deep life construction ' s opposites and unity of the chief characters in pekingese by cao yu . "
more than 400 african migrants have arrived on the tiny italian island of lampedusa in recent days after crossing the mediterranean by boats . 
british forces had been fighting the italians and germans in north africa since late nineteen forty . 
"i ' m running out of petrol ,  so i have to stop at the next filling station . "
"the priest and altar boy gasp ,  as the woman in the matching green shoes and dress sits with her legs slightly spread apart . "
"the rwandans ,  interestingly enough ,  have been quite good ,  mr .  wilson , "
"okay ,  let me straighten up a little . "
you were saying that that hasn ' t been filmed before . 
"i ' ve got julieton the other line ,  she wants to ask you a favour . "
inputs relating to product requirements shall be determined and records maintained . 
if you leave your headlights on you ' ll soon run down the battery . 
and the memory system is sitting over the sensory part of the brain . 
and i ' ve spent some 15 years traveling around the continent
"a leaked set of ipad smart covers documented by lewis hilsenteger of unbox therapy demonstrate the rumored narrower width of the forthcoming ipad 5 and an even larger selection of cover colors .  in addition to the current red ,  pink ,  blue ,  green and light grey ,  the new collection will add a true black and white as well a reprising orange from previous lines . "
"he could not have explained why ,  but he wanted her in an urgent ,  passionate way . "
i think is going to be hard for us to accept . 
he traveled the land in search of worthy foes . 
and it was set up by the office of emergency management . 
and it sort of nibbles at the core of the whole profession
about  -  -  the skeptics is a nonprofit educational organization . 
"if so ,  the flurry of bilateral deals may have come at the expense of a world trade agreement . "
"since october bpp has been a shareholder and member of the board of ohl brasil ,  a highway concession - holder ,  via the kendall company . "
"as you can see ,  it has world class art ,  and it ' s all my taste"
then i hid them in the basement so there would be something for santa to deliver on christmas morning . 
i am going there for work not for fun ! 
"if we are to call the tyranny of assumptions into question , "
"she ' s complicated ,  like the da vinci code ,  you know ,  but harder to crack . "
the uk capital beat the top two destinations from 2013 - paris and new york - which dropped to 7th and 12th places respectively . 
the contract is for the air force ' s network and space operations and maintenance program . 
"that i happen to own that fits inside a cereal box , "
joey prusak saw a blind customer drop a  $ 20 bill and a woman behind him pick up the money and pocket it . 
he added that the government ' s point of view was in line with that of the imf and world bank in terms of the measures needed to reduce inflation . 
the one thing vladimir putin isn’t known for is performing u turns but his latest comments on ukraine do suggest a shift in the kremlin’s position . 
my uncle always gives us a board game for christmas . 
" "" in the north ,  the valiant armies of the republic"
"and that ' s because len ,  like most of you ,  is enormously capable of flow . "
i want to take a journey at today alone . 
"the construction programme also includes paving the port across an area of 3 square kilometres ,  as well as setting up a new railway line for the company ' s internal trains ,  work on which is already underway . "
do you think you could go to the store
you can sort of have it all with these things . 
"well ,  i met jay leno a number of times"
"in addition to his work teaching executive master of business administration  ( emba )  courses at many of china ' s top universities ,  ye is also the founder of sunup consulting co ltd ,  a beijing - based strategic consulting company . "
"but i missed writing .  so ,  i started to write a blog"
"the results showed that the blotched fruit ratio caused by oil spotting increased with time of storage ,  but reduced by cold storage especially in later period . "
"kb :  there ' s no way you could have seen through it ,  agreed ? "
earlier this morning an accident took place . 
"a number of european interior and justice ministers meeting in the resort city cannes hailed the french proposals ,  with greece ' s interior minister saying he hoped it would be finalized by the end of france ' s eu presidency in december .  the interior minister of spain ,  which has voiced reservations about parts of the french proposals ,  said he was  "" satisfied .  "" "
"kids think of me as his friend ,  to avoid some of thehypocrisyand polite .  "" "
"she was not a feminist particularly ,  but had seen enough of the power - games of the duchamps and bretons ,  the pollocks and the warhols . "
"the more i ' m around you people ,  the less i understand you . "
"on the other hand ,  if you want a completely new look ,  get yourself an over the counter make over at a department store or ask a makeup consultant to help you find makeup or lipstick that best matches your skin tone . "
so after the sinclair zx80 came along the very cleverly named
"it fits snugly with or without a balaclava or under a hood and sits on adjustable ,  cushioned eva pads . "
"tim burton and johnny depp look alike .  they sport equally wacky hair and tinted glasses ,  and stroke their artsy goatees as they talk .  they cite similar artistic influences ,  mention their deep friendship  ( depp is godfather to burton’s first son )  and even finish each other’s sentences . "
that turns a prisoner ' s dilemma game into an assurance game . 
we have only a small percentage of foreign books . 
"so far though polar voters find this connection more likely a  "" coincidence ""  than a specific  "" design intent .  "" "
i don ' t concentrate on faces in my job . 
"and we ' d make some money on that ,  you know .  and we ' d give it out . "
"10 .  track and report outcomes .  whenever you complete an action ,  always inform all concerned parties ""  this is completed ,  and this is the outcome that resulted .   "" you cannot assume that they will know ,  and in most cases they won ' t until you let them know .  it is vital that you proactively declare ""  this task is done as we agreed  "" so that others are aware of the status .  this is in fact one of the most effective ways to gain the trust of your supervisor .  they will quickly come to rely on you to track and report the status of work and see you as a competent professional . "
i fell in love with serena long before i met her . 
"you know ,  i don ' t speak a word of korean  -  - "
and i realize that my life is completely out of balance . 
"the officials then were no longer relatives or members of the ruler ' s own family but rather employees—the servants ,  or tools ,  of themonarch . "
the appraisers position in the lawsuit is key to the appraiser system which determines the structure of appraiser system . 
the performance team routinely uses this information in their performance bottleneck analysis . 
" "" we would urge the government to extend this expedited clearance to all international ngo ' s  [ non - governmental organizations ]  who are working in myanmar .  their staff is urgently required on the ground .  "" "
"daniel plainview :  now run along and play ,  and don ' t come back . "
"is to have a shared ownership of the solutions with the teachers , "
"according to it we can distinguish the reservoir parameter ,  and forecast the reservior parameter . "
hopefully they ' il use it wiser than we did . 
"does this lid screw on ,  or does one press it down ? "
"five days ago ,  portuguese air line ,  tap ,  said that as of january 13 ,  2007 it would suspend all flights to sao tome and principe due to the poor state of the airport ' s runway . "
"we are made to hold things ,  not to knock against each other ,  i am no worse than you at doing what we were made for ,  besides …"
that there are only two kinds of men in the world : 
"our cotton prints are packed in cases lined with draft paper and waterproof paper ,  each consisting of 30 pieces with 5 colors for on design . "
"16 .  don ' t worry about making big bucks out of the gate ,  worry first about doing whatever you have to do excellently . "
the colombia airfore says it has found the wreckage of one of its planes which disappeared on wednesday . 
romantic ups and downs apparently have a greater effect on the mental health of young men than women . 
"the president is expected to adopt his advisers '  suggestion to reduce the number of people whose records can be examined by the nsa ,  and reduce the number of years the data can be kept . "
"listen ,  assume i tell your wife about you and angela heaney at the blackpool conference ,  what would be best ,  an e - mail ,  a phone call or what ? "
it is no good and no use keeping it a secret . 
"husam abboud of establish brazil ,  a company - formation specialist ,  is thinking of brazilian - style direct action :  simply trying to register an eireli for a firm or a foreigner ,  and seeing what happens . "
oz takes one hour to make a spear and two hours to make an axe . 
"with our little martian probe ,  which we have not done on earth , "
"when defense secretary robert gates devoted his final policy speech this month toberatingnato and our european allies ,  he was engaging in a time - honored tradition :  americans have worried about europeans shirking their share of global burdens since the start of the 60 - year - old alliance . "
these developments are not unique to the us or uk . 
benjamin stassen took his own life in twenty - ten .  his parents thought their twenty - one year old son was happy . 
"put those off until the afternoon or end of your day ,  and do them all at once in batches . "
i mean something i ' m not thinking of ? 
british broadcasting corporation began the long  -  term continuous broadcast television programs . 
except for a handful  [ of ]  men and women of conviction and courage . 
come into our apprentice shop  -  the door to our reception room is open . 
"first ,  the things that are obvious ,  that you ' re familiar with : "
"the lisa mouse ,  which jobs named after his daughter ,  was one of the first commercial computer mice soled publicly ,  making it ararityat the time . "
we must work conscientiously to unite all those who can be united . 
health experts suggest we break up those many hours spent sitting with more hours spent standing . 
"so far the police have no clues ,  no tracks to follow . "
"and along came the internet and it swept them out of the way , "
i don ' t want you to have to lie about me . 
"in anteroposterior compression sacral fracture , nerves s _ 1 and s _ 4 are likely to be damaged by dragment , and nerve compression injury is attributed to stabbing by fracture segment border , with l _ 5 and s _ 1 . more hackneyed . "
"everyone turns to his own course ,  like a horse rushing headlong into battle . "
"no matter what he did ,  he couldn’t get the tune right . "
recommendation 27 .  a number of delegations stated that multi - year planning should not be overambitious . 
you can also add or delete ports  ( both tcp and udp )  . 
"to the second son ,  he left a third of the camels , "
"group five was among the constructors of petrosa ' s mossgas in south africa ,  among the world ' s biggest refineries . "
"also ,  we might prefer to identify the employee to which these computers belong . "
the george simmons thing was just a flirtation . 
and things go white as we move out onto the arctic ocean . 
but there are people  -  -  women  -  -  creating jobs . 
to discover what you are truly capable of .  that is an epic win . 
"it is a process and an ethic ,  not an end in itself . "
"and in that time ,  i have seen a lot of changes . "
ms .  xiao is hardly typical for china — only 5 %  of the country fits her economic profile — but 5 %  of 1 .  3 billion is nothing to sneeze at . 
other free living organisms such as bacteria of the genera pseudomonas and bacillus and fungi belonging to the genera penicillium and aspergillus can solubilize p in soil through . 
they creamed off the best students and sent them to a special school . 
"but when i think about it ,  i know nothing about him . "
i had heard about children being stolen in many of bessie ' s stories . 
each method is defined by the starting point :  binary or source . 
"and i felt a little bit cheated ,  because the visualization  -  - "
the tribesmen will revolt if you ask them to pay taxes . 
an air - filled sac or structure that aids in the flotation of an aquatic organism . 
you have a series of buttons .  you actually choose your lift music . 
a team of african bearers came with us on safari . 
retell what happened on the island one early morning in autumn . 
bdd has the function of anti experimental liver fibrosis . 
"he would probably have done well in the examination ,  only that he got nervous . "
i will find the place where i can see him again . 
what do you start to think about ? 
and he invited representatives of faith traditions from all around the world . 
the peninsula shanghai will offer 235 rooms and suites . 
"maputo ,  mozambique ,  3 aug–south african mining company pan african plans soon to build a gold processing factory in mozambique ' s manica province in an investment of us $ 80 million ,  according to a report tuesday in mozambican newspaper not ícias . "
and he put these two bridges with pink guardrails on it . 
"jackie :  in both these cases ,  the phrases are followed by the past subjunctive form of the verb . "
the following is a guaranteed way to cause my head drop back and a soft moan to escape my lips .  try it on your partner . 
this paper presents a method to calculate the short circuit current of an abscissa compensation circuit . 
"and whether it is the penan in the forests of borneo , "
keep those lovely eyes on commander suran . 
it may be too much to ask from the new board for it to fix problems that have plagued the country ' s markets since their inception . 
"and the fact that anyone could say that to me ,  and believe for a nanosecond they might get any other answer ,  means that i need to explain something in public :  why i hate proprietary software . "
"i don ' t take the time to tell you this often ,  but i love you ,  mom . "
so i am playing it safe and have put villa here despite it being our new bogey team . 
"because we ' d never done this before ,  and they didn ' t know exactly how to do it . "
"furthermore ,  we gathered leather and feather for the future colder weather . "
"years later ,  i achieved my boyhood dream of becoming a pilot . "
the joneses live like cat and dog .  i hate living near them . 
"people in the books ,  in her walk of life ,  did not talk about such things  -  perhaps they did not know about them ,  either . "
the mugger kept aiming his gun at the head of the cashier for more than 5 minutes . 
"that alex was so dedicated to the idea of verisimilitude , "
"if you are not planning on breastfeeding ,  you have to decide on a formula . "
"fras - le ,  which is majority - owned by the randon group ,  from caxias do sul ,  expects turnover of around us $ 6 million by 2010 . "
"so those are all the jobs that are growing , "
"to this day ,  they remain ruled by a ritual priesthood"
"by looking at the individual process utilization within a dpar ,  we can see what impact these tasks have on our data . "
one such deft manoeuvre has just been proposed by physicists who have worked out how to recharge the batteries in mobile phones and laptop computers without using power cables . 
add two cans of orange juice to the mixture and it will taste better . 
they weren ' t very nice about my record . 
"a big part of middle east traditions ,  is bleeding on your wedding night ,  which may cause problems for those who don ' t bleed . "
they came back to town at double  -  quick step . 
the transients are simulated using the multi  -  loop method . 
it is never purged and may be large if you have a lot of tables . 
"the operative word there being  "" girl .   "" "
"agricultural land and real estate buys have been a particular worry ,  and the website shows nearly  $ 1 . 3 billion in chinese investment in the australian real estate sector last year ,  up from just  $ 286 million in 2012 . "
this problem is solved by disallowing overloading if the two methods have the same number and type of arguments except for some argument for which they have two different reference types . 
"through the analysis of the experimental steel microstructure feature ,  combination mechanic properties and the impact toughness at different temperatures , it concludes that the experimental steel has excellent combination mechanic properties , especially in the strength ,  toughness and cold - bending property ,  which are much higher than the standard designed for the steel .  the average yield strengthen is about 561mpa ,  and the average tensile strengthen is about 645mpa . "
"d :  sure .  according to ctm theory ,  the occurrence of diseases is the incoordination between yin and yang and the treatment of diseases is the reestablishment of the equilibrium between them . "
the researchers say the amber likely dripped from a similar tree that once covered france millions of years before the continents drifted into their current positions . 
" ( 23 )  however ,  field - based groups are sometimes vulnerable to opposition from host governments . "
"as no pumas had been reported missing from any zoo in the country ,  this one must have been in the possession of a private collector and somehow managed to escape . "
"and then he went on ,  and then he turned to me and said , "
these certificates are used to ascertain the trustworthiness of the client system . 
"in one solar system to zillions of solar systems , "
it shall be duly executed by or on behalf of each mortgagor in the specified manner . 
"we ' re gonna die up here ,  aren ' t we ? "
"in the next few days yongxin ' s spirits alternated between hope and despair ,  as bad as he felt about his son ' s condition ,  he was staggered by the love of strangers whose only connection to him as a mailbox icon on a computer screen . "
"the director of effa motors also said that the entire product lines of changhe and hafei will be presented at the 2008 car salon held in october ,  in sao paulo . "
"you son of a gun , i knew you ' d come . "
nan and a group of classmates are going on their own cycling tour of hainan . 
jack teri and kim come upon a lake across from the water tower . 
"and he said unto him ,  why callest thou me good ?  there is none good but one ,  that is ,  god :  but if thou wilt enter into life ,  keep the commandments . "
he doesn ' t wait for the news to come to him . 
"he said he would pay ,  but in point of fact he has no money . "
"the fourth episode of the series is still in post - production ,  but the trilogy has become one of the most lucrative chinese movie series in history ,  earning a total of 1 . 1 billion yuan from the box office . "
i arrived on sunday and knocked on her door . 
"these financial crises ,  from financial crisis of eurocurrency system resulted from depreciation of pound and lira from 1992 to 1993 ,  to financial crisis of latin america resulted from depreciation of piaster from 1994 to 1995 ,  and to financial crisis of southeast asia began from the depreciation of baht from 1997 to 1998 ,  all had one common character :  the crises appeared obvious infectivity ,  one country’s financial crisis quickly diffused to other countries and areas and evolved into territorial or even global crisis . "
"hollywood has its sex symbols ,  and the valley has its sex symbols . "
"i ' m steve ember ,  inviting you to join us again next week for the making of a nation  -  -  american history in voa special english . "
"you will then enter from the far door ,  cutting off any means of escape . "
"“i only hope iran will respond very quickly to this appeal ,  ” he said . "
and every brigade is divided into squads . 
"constructing corporation culture is an important act in up - to - date realm of enterprises ,  while the constructing law culture is the main content in this action . "
handicraft gauze lanterns present the demeanour of the tang dynasty . 
leonardo made quite a point of distrusting the knowledge that scholars professed so dogmatically
the painting ' snowy mountain '  by contemporary artist cui ruzhuo was sold at a poly auction event monday at the grand hyatt hong kong . 
"disembody a group of people ,  individuals out there in the world . "
my profession : work as a television reporter .  .  .  for kazakhstan . 
"you would be surprised to know that there actually are quite a few places on earth where death has been forbidden ,  and deemed illegal . "
and this is actually me making it .  can you see ?  yes .  good . 
"i invite you to do that ,  and 10 , 000 would be even better . "
the committee recalled its work over the years to define adjustments for gdp that would better reflect the capacity to pay . 
we ' ve made a good job .  we ' ve taken it out . 
warden reed at salinas speaks highly of you . 
"lf you grow a bush ,  i ' m growing a beard . "
"the government should enlarge the investment on education and make good use of present education funds ,  which makes residents in town and country dare to consume and have money to spend . "
"but if they remain impenitent and keep up their wrongdoing ,  the people of china ,  having reached the end of their forbearance ,  will dump them on the muck heap and then it will be too late for repentance . "
"“we are doing everything we can ,  day by day ,  to move exploration forward ,  ""  ochoa said . "
what is the best feature of the big  -  bang model of software development ? 
"and people get taught to use them in nice ,  safe environments"
q :  what was your biggest accomplishment on the job ? 
"to give the people a way ,  a default out of that , "
"from to 18 she was a teenager ,  and assumed teenage identity machinery . "
jump into the binding and take my feet out
the satellite cities and the 33 major towns will also be afforested . 
it ' s a shame sal ' s going to walk . 
one thing that many people like to do is to celebrate the day with a picnic . 
how about the time he tackled the guy from louisville and threw him into the stands ? 
"there are two sides to every question .  if you take one side with decision and act on it with effect ,  those who take the other side will of course resent your actions . "
"they are aircraft carriers ,  cruisers ,  destroyers ,  submarines ,  and torpedo  -  boats ,  etc . "
"right now ,  start acting as if the above statement is true at all times . "
take us straight to the door you took it to . 
"no matter how much you love him . man must be active for love . if he is not active , just forget about it . "
"it began carrying ,  among other things ,  a large number of hunters"
" "" trust is still extremely important for the 20 - somethings - they wouldn ' t work through any infidelities ,  they ' d walk away ,  ""  brengle said . "
"a rumor began to appear from linus pauling ' s son , "
but this is a waste of his talent . 
"weet you ,  that not at all rhymes . "
"once in a while ,  you will need to encounter sentences that make you smile as you will need more inspiration and motivation to go on with your life . "
ken robinson is here .  he talked about the glories of failure . 
"bella ,  do you not understand my feelings for you at all ? "
that ' s not going toaccomplishanything  -  the rain won ' t stop just because you throw a tantrum .   * the rain doesn ' t care .  *  so make the best of the situation . 
the window has frozen up and i can ' t open it . 
"since nineteen ninety  -  one ,  different groups have struggled for control . "
a rubber ball attached to a paddle by an elastic string loses energy as it files away from the paddle . 
"a :  that works ,  but planting things like spearmint ,  southernwood ,  and tansy could both beautify your yard and deter your invaders . "
so there ' s huge leverage for making the car a lot lighter . 
"ben kirshner :   "" things we are not legally allowed to ask in an interview ,  we can find because they ' re publicly displaying it on the social networks .  "" "
"it is now officially  "" designed for occasional off - road use .  "" "
"still ,  human cloning should not be out of the question . "
"there should be a snowball effect ,  a positive feedback , "
" "" my name is abby and i love read tolstoy . "
i heard he has a guy who travels around with him
we design our ideal self or an image that is quite different from what we are now . 
so this was gm chairman roger smith . 
"thanks for your help ,  mr .  looney . "
"still ,  williams admits that the ladies of destiny ' s child never thought their frontwoman would be the first to become a mom . "
"and we ' re going to attach these memories to sensors , "
"even though she is ,  in effect ,  his stepmother ,  he fathers a child with her . "
i ' m gonna throw your ass in jail . 
"if the price level rises ,  the future purchasing power of money over time will go down . "
"dec products are distinguished through optimal skin compatibility ,  maximum effectiveness and exceptional cost efficiency . "
she groped blindly for the light switch in the dark room . 
"that said ,  the washington consensus ,  the organising idea behind the global advance of laisser faire economics ,  has been unceremoniously buried . "
you could join me if you want . 
"so ,  it seemed that the toxin that was killing the gharial"
"“in the past ,  everyone asked about whether i was going to be promoted , ” said huang . "
"you left me ,  and let me tell you something : "
i can ' t imagine ever wanting to get married . 
"hl liquid  -  increasing agent was applied in the fcc unit of refining plant ,  sinopec shanghai gaoqiao company . "
"compared with ramie and flax ,  hemp fiber has high  -  content gum fiber weight . "
"and i listen to them in the coffee break , "
"bertha took her breakfast up ,  and she ' s not there . "
"it may be one of the stranger high - fashion trends in recent memory :  the flat ,  broad sandal ,  so clumsy - looking that it is downright  "" fugly ,  ""  to use a term fashion bloggers have embraced . "
"you might say ,  “since it is raining cats and dogs outside ,  i think the football game today will be cancelled”  -  they won ' t play because “it ' s raining cats and dogs . ”"
"this australian cruiser was lost with all 645 of its officers and crew as a result of its battle in 1941 against the german cruiser kormoran ,  which was disguised as a dutch merchant ship . "
"in the interest of the remedy system ' s positive function for the adequacy requirement ,  the principal tasks of the coming reform are  :  ( 1 )  define the ambit of judicial rights ; "
sing to the soldiers on the battlefields
"i say ,   "" well ,  do words exist ?  are they in your ontology ?  "" "
take steps to prevent corrupt practices and professional misconduct .  declare conflicts of interest . 
"and even a small amount of it ,  added to an existing gas - based recovery process ,  can make a useful contribution . "
"experts say it will be years ,  even decades ,  before africa finds a way to address its energy needs ,  with nuclear energy or otherwise . "
"in other words ,  when we communicate from the outside in , "
programs that are already installed have a check mark next to their name . 
gil worked hard to bring rotary education to the district . 
"the chassis is crafted out of a combination of kevlar ,  carbon fiber and titanium . "
"sometimes dubbed “ruralpolitans , ” those city and town dwellers are looking at land as their new safe investment ,  one they hope could prove more stable than their jobs and 401 ( k ) s – and provide a better lifestyle . "
"however ,  nothing happened though he continued to feel jittery . "
"i must say ,  there ' s something admirable about the way barney wants to stay young at heart . "
without enthusiasm i am doomed to a life of mediocrity but with it i can accomplish miracles . 
"results :  four indices of sexual life quality ,  including loss of libido ,  loss of sexual satisfaction ,  sexual anxiety ,  inhibited organism in alprostadil group were improved  ( p"
"for women ,  designers have paired ortho - chic sandals with all manner of clothing ,  from slim slacks and dressy shorts to a - line dresses and pencil skirts .  when the look isn ' t flattering in the first place ,  go for broke .  the whole idea is to break the rules . "
"look ,  phil ,  i ' m not just coaching soccer . "
"“the duchess would be no different to any other celeb pics we would get in . ” speaking to the bbc news channel ,  the editor added that he printed the photos of the duchess as a “service to our readers” . "
"he could crush mountains ,  level forests ,  tame seas ! "
"okay .  we had a team out watching this glacier , "
"the expression ,  what a ,  is something we use when we want to say something usually very positive about someone or something . "
there ' s an input and an output and a state in the middle . 
no one gets in without my authority . 
"for a specific brake mean effective pressure ( bmep )  , the maximum cylinder gas pressure , the maximum rate of pressure rise and the maximum rate of heat release increase with the increase of dmc addition at the middle and high loads while they remains less variation with dmc addition at the small load . "
author and entrepreneur many of you may know about . 
bioelectric energy and quantum shift indicators are stable . 
"“the unit will use chinese agricultural capacity to drive agricultural productivity in mozambique ,  improving cropping methods and training local scientists and farmers ,  ”said the statement published by panos . "
and being aware of them can save you loads of moneywoesin times of a cash emergency . 
"maputo ,  mozambique ,  11 dec–barclays bank has already invested 30 million rand in changing the identity of mozambique ' s banco austral to barclays bank mozambique ,  the bank ' s marketing and communications director ,  alfredo mucavel said . "
i ' m not sure what happens to mitchell . 
after an exhaustive search the missing document was found . 
"the apostle paul ,  in the new testament ,  follows this pattern . "
pull down on the data type and scroll through until you get to the type you want . 
i never practiced law a day in my life ; 
the bible says that god was manifest in the flesh .  .  .  and believed all in the world ! 
"anand ,  a strategy professor who is a two - time winner of teaching awards at hbs ,  is teaching a class called economics for managers . "
i have to do a very mysterious thing in there . 
we need these people .  we ' re part of a network . 
"that ' il wake you up in the morning ,  boy . "
"zhou has also written a letter to the standing committee of the national people ' s congress ,  the nation ' s top legislature ,  asking for an amnesty for niu ,  given that he was given a severe sentence in the first place for minor crimes . "
she brings 10 wonderful boy dancers with her . 
you know what it ' s like to be a model in the derek zoolander shadow ? 
"fig1 . emails prevail now ,  but do use envelopes in formal occasions instead . "
"thank you for not only telling me in your word that i am your beloved ,  but showing me ,  through your actions . "
we would like to know the price exclusive of tax of your pda . 
wines from all the côte de beaune area can substitute their local appellation with this regional type of appellation . 
i can ' t see where i gotta look . 
he ' s had no experience at being a crook . 
"believe it or not ,  some people think life is worth living because they get to celebrate special occasions such as birthdays ,  anniversaries and festivals with their loved ones . "
i ' ve been riding shotgun for 12 years and i got no equity . 
"forever please positive upwardly .  each men all have his lovable place ,  but unlovable place then not positively facing life . "
a person who is physically or mentally broken down or worn out . 
someone must bring their war to them . 
could confidently predict earth ' s final doom in another six billion years . 
"you know ,  just the other day ,  she bought a shade of blush called orgasm . "
"i think the killer moved a drugged - out wilkes behind the wheel ,  then snapped his neck . "
birds sing after a storm . why shouldn ' t people feel as free to delight in whatever sunlight remains to them ? 
this is how we define it :  a bisexual is someone who is attracted to more than one gender . 
"our classic boxer shorts are custom made for him alone with a bright red heart ,  personalized with the name  ( or nickname !  )  of his significant someone across the front ! "
"a chameleon will synthesise an opinion or position from observing those displayed by others in the situation ,  and forget that position when the social situation is left . "
are you proud to be challenged by the best sharpshooter in germany ? 
"anne brighton ,  she ' s next on the list ! "
"they caught up to him ,  but he lit out to the territory . "
i feel to suit me fine pretty
"i think if you look at what is happening in brazil in particular , "
"the main destinations for brazilian exports were the united states ( us $ 25 . 3 billion )  ,  argentina ( us $ 14 . 2 billion )  ,  china ,  the netherlands ( us $ 8 . 8 billion )  and germany ( us $ 7 . 2 billion )  . "
but i ' m interested in what it means . 
"the conservatives new democracy appear to have topped the poll ,  but could now struggle to form a majority with the other austerity -  supporting party ,  the socialist pasok . "
"public nrk television said she declared an extra bottle of wine ,  and pictures showed she paid the duty by bank card before walking out with a receipt in her hand . "
"the receivers scientists are currently using to listen to space noise are designed to find constant signals ,  or signals that are pulsing at regular intervals . "
"lisbon ,  portugal ,  26 feb–the portuguese government has approved creation of a us $ 124 million fund to support investment in mozambique ,  state secretary for treasury and finances costa pina announced in lisbon . "
"as to the nature of succession right ,  there are four doctrines of family standard ,  postmortem maintenance ,  intention and unclaimed property attribution from the deceased ' s viewpoints . "
"this article is to review the tissue distribution of anti -  inflammatory  -  immunity drugs in alimentary canal ,  especially in liver ,  stomach and bowel tissues . "
"a curved - sided glass ,  though ,  makes exercising such judgment hard—as she demonstrated by calling her volunteers back a week later and asking them to estimate from pictures how full various glasses were . "
"but i look out at this audience filled with not only many friends and colleagues ,  but people who have served in prior administrations . "
after grozny you hope it wasn ' t us . 
"well ,  i ' ll wrap them up in cellophane and tie the bundle up nicely in a blue ribbon . "
we believe an electric current to be the movement of electrons . 
they start at six years old  ( preparations for entry can begin as young as three )  and are weeded out from then on by cut - throat examinations . 
"susan altman :   "" at that time  -  -  nineteen sixty - one  -  -  the united states was going through a lot of upheaval with school integration ,  and they wanted things to help out to make the schools look good and to show that integration could work and work well . "
it ' s not always like it is in the books . 
"and if that ' s the case ,  i ' m wrong . "
"so ,  what people do here in evenings"
"that it doesn ' t just influence our behavior ,  it ' s influenced our entire culture . "
"i don ' t know ,  but i ain ' t waiting to see . "
that kind of job isn ' t right for me . 
the male - male pair of jimmy macelroy and chazz michael michaels . 
"will not agree to have you leave till you ' ve signed off on this .  "" "
you just don ' t want to tell me . 
the method has proved more and more to be of very great geophysical significance . 
"it has come to my attention that three burned cigarettes were discovered ,  hidden behind a pot in the flower garden . "
i did notthink it would be so strenuous
are you tryingto tell me something with this ? 
the guerrillas were promised safe conduct out of the country . 
image compression has become more and more important in consequence of spreading digital still camera and digital documentation system applications . 
"this thesis organizes ,  researches and analyzes by the numbers the course of the adjustment ,  major characteristics ,  basic motivations ,  influences on international society ,  chief existing problems and future development trend of the major powers relations and briefly researches into the tactics of repartee of china . "
"millstone of natural stone  ( whether or not agglomerated )  or ceramics without frameworks ,  with or without parts or other materials"
"as workers move from part - time work to full - time work ,  they ' re happier .  but as they move from full - time work to jesus - when - will - this - day - finally - end work ,  the joy of labor subsides .  there seems to be an  "" inverse u - shaped relationship ""  between hours worked and self - reported well - being ,  although the precise figures differ across countries . "
"when 18 - year - old stian ytterdahl’s friends dared him to get a tattoo ,  they gave him only two options to choose from – barbie on his buttocks or a mcdonald’s receipt on his arm . "
"forget the painful past and if so ,  is also true today .  however ,  before the pain because can not remember the pain today ,  but is afraid he can not forget . "
i ' d think it ' d be quite difficult at first . 
unless she brings the father of the baby with her  -  - 
messrs .  wu and wong met in early 2008 when mr .  wu was looking for space to house icbc ' s new york outlet after the bank received federal approval to branch out into the u .  s . 
"euro disney ,  which runs the theme park ,  confirmed that a prince had spent three days there with a number of guests . "
"oh ,  time well spent ,  i ' m sure . "
"life can give you nothing and everything you own now was won over by yourselves .  wipe your tear off ,  as long as we united ,  tomorrow will be better ! "
france joined african forces this week in an effort to oust islamic militants in northern mali .  the militants have progressively moved south . 
it came across my mind that he might be waiting for me there . 
this is a remarkably simple aim compared with the chinese government ' s manifold ambitions . 
the instructor said that the assault course the recruits were about to attempt was designed to sort out the men from the boys . 
"to what i do very skillfully ,  perhaps ,  to what i don ' t do so skillfully ? "
"two beds to a room ,  no exceptions . "
"so basically ,  the idea of being able to build things bottom up , "
"in the end ,  an all - white jury sentences tom robinson to death . "
you sure you want to hear another one ? 
"hey ,  nobody wants to hear about your private life ,  officer corelli . "
one is about educator john dewey .  another is about the united states military academy at west point . 
"the re -  sults showed that the seed densities in the litter layer , 0 - 2cm , 2 - 4 cm and 4 - 10 cm were 125 . 0 seeds /  m2 ,  134 . 3 seeds / m2 ,  84 . 6 and 62 . 7 seeds / m2 respectively .  the dominant species of the seed banks were mainly herb plants , e .  g . "
"and in a moment ,  i ' m going to show you a graph , "
the collapse of the bubble economies then left fiscal ruins behind it . 
i ' m more interested in the stories we tell about ourselves  -  - 
she squared her baby off and gave him another sweet . 
"that you see ,  the horizontal axis is where you place your country . "
"the noun is “resentment . ” so ,  the employees are feeling resentful that jane doesn’t “have more faith in their ability . ”"
"after studying this phenomenon for several years ,  anita aisenberg of the clemente estable institute of biological research in uruguay has concluded that females are able to assess a male ' s quality during mating and that they assist plug formation only when a mate passes muster and they thus wish to give his sperm priority . "
"it ' s shit , but it ' s better than nothing ,  right ? "
where are we gonna find anybody for the team ? 
they want you to handle publicity . 
"during the grouting ,  an automatic recording system for grouting is used ,  with which the grouting quality is effectively controlled . "
"when it gets up to here ,  there ' s  "" xxx ""   -  -  the pornography of power . "
the servant would be indemnified for any damage caused by his negligence . 
the name of the show is based on this story
"in fact ,  inspiration is just like any other skill .  it may start out as unreliable ,  but it can be trained and developed into something you can rely on . "
my guess  -  -  given that you ' re at a conference called tedglobal  -  - 
"it suggests that something that we might want to do anyhow , "
the frowning clown gives a flower to the cow . 
we ' re trying to create the first climbing search - and - rescue robot  -  -  no suction or magnets  -  - 
"she left me no choice ,  so i had to ,  you know ,  punch her in the face . "
what we need to be able to do is to reverse this formula
"a little seed weighs a lot and ,  basically ,  all this stuff , "
"dude ,  i don ' t care if fucking steve mcqueen ' s zombie corpse is in that car . "
"yes ,  you can help me ,  but next time"
and how people think about the society that they live in . 
we ' re gonna try something a little different now . 
"we gotta find out what ' s gonna happen ,  where it ' s gonna happen .  .  . "
"the first lot under our sales confirmation no .   .  . will be shipped per s . s .  ""  .  .  .  ""  scheduled to sail on or about .  .  .  . "
and the technology is only being thrown out by other technologies . 
"a particle ,  such as an electron ,  a proton ,  or a neutron ,  having half - integral spin and obeying statistical rules requiring that not more than one in a set of identical particles may occupy a particular quantum state . "
"“latin america is a strategic market for zte .  considering the stable economy ,  the development of the region and the telecommunications potential ,  brazil is an essential country .  for these reasons ,  the training center and headquarters of zte south america are in sao paulo ,  ”said the chairman of the company in brazil ,  yuan lie . "
"in the first quarter of 2006 ,  gol posted profit of us $ 79 . 99 million ,  a year on year increase of 42 . 9 percent ,  the company said . "
"ms .  winfrey went on to create o ,  the oprah magazine with hearst .  in the meantime oxygen ,  which was bought by nbc universal in 2007 ,  found its way on the low road with shows like “tori  &  dean” and “dance your ass off . ”"
you just scared the hell out of us ! 
"mr .  abbas condemned the israeli incursion ,  calling it a massacre and a slap in the face to peace efforts . "
"disinformation ,  best  -  case scenarios and a dose of self  -  hypnosis distort our theories . "
"eventually ,  i realized that i had really no content that i could count on , "
conclusions :  all cases will csf otorrhea recovered with conservative treatment . 
"dear annie :  this is my first holiday season with my current employer -  -  i ' m in my first  "" real ""  job after college -  -  so i hope this isn ' t a dumb question ,  but what is generally expected in big companies regarding gifts to bosses and coworkers ?  i interned all last year at a small family - owned firm where everyone knew everyone else really well ,  and we all had fun giving each other little christmas and hanukkah presents .  but everything at my new job is much more formal ,  and i don ' t want to get this wrong .  should i give my boss a gift ,  or will that look like i ' m kissing up ?  what about peers ?  are there rules for this ?  — santa ' s stand - in"
many of them are the main providers for their families . 
"now ,  it is generally accepted that no college or university can educate its students by the time they graduation . "
he ' s not gonna let you near that place . 
so it ' s not a matter of whether it ' s going to happen .  it is going to happen . 
"bali carving  ( wood carvings ,  stone carvings )  ,  painting and crafts also for its superb artistry ,  unique style is well known . "
"journaling is a new rapid automation tool that records ,  edits ,  and replays interactie nx sessions . "
they drink the blood of our boys '  to take on thire strength . 
"the talking point of the last tv season was the success of women in sitcoms .  there were plenty of fast - talking ,  sarcastic and interesting female leads to choose from :  jess from new girl ,  max from 2 broke girls ,  hannah from girls ,  and tessa from suburgatory . "
"due to the fear of a terrorist attack on the us mainland using a chemical , biological , radiological , nuclear or high explosive ( cbrne ) device , the us army has reassessed its options and consolidated its specialised assets under a formal major command . "
"they do not release potentially harmful amounts of indoor air pollutants while retaining all of the warmth ,  ambience and fragrance of paraffin candles  ( which are made from petroleum )  . "
i sit in the back wearing a harness and we usually take off the doors before flight . 
we have every right to be here ! 
i thought this was supposed to go away . 
"but sanders and company aren ' t particularly worried .  titan has been working closely with the faa through its design process ,  and anyhow the only part of that multi - year duration the faa is technically concerned with is the initial climb . "
"to get at this puzzle ,  the u . s .  space agency launched a spacecraft named  "" swift ""  last november with the most sensitive gamma ray detectors ever designed .  david palmer at the los alamos national laboratory notes that ,  luckily ,  swift saw this event after only one month on the job .   "" sometimes being lucky is the best strategy ,  ""  he said . "
"the more you play ,  the bigger the brains there are . "
he quotes nobel prize  -  winning novelist thomas mann who wrote in 1919 that he equated the bolshevik revolution in russia with the jews . 
"she was a single woman about to go alone into a country , "
"we ' ve been getting hundreds of letters ,  emails ,  phone calls"
" "" no ,  it ' s not chang and pai that have captured yochow  -  it ' s peng teh  -  huai ' s red army ! "
"this approach is thought to work well with the young ,  who often listen to the same music ,  eat the same food and wear similar clothes regardless of their ethnic background . "
"even later ,  when he had put himself in the millionaires '  bracket and had to move to the isle of man for tax reasons ,  his friends were in the motoring clubs where he shared his other passion ,  for vintage bentleys and racing cars . "
we can go back to the original economics of the car and look at it again . 
chaney says around 30 %  of the farmers in this area have an edge on mother nature because they have ground water they can tap for irrigation . 
no data have been published on trimester teratogenic risk with ondansetron . 
"you keep smiling ,  your face is gonna crack . "
imagine their dismay when they found a beautifully - cooked wallet and notes turned to ash ! 
the rayleigh wave speed is very close to the shear wave speed . 
"spacious bathrooms feature a deep soaking tub ,  a separate glass  - enclosed shower ,  a two  -  basin vanity ,  and a wc in a separate alcove . "
at least ten thousand more
"if my brother had driven home from the bar that night ,  his number would have been up . "
"giving thyrine before operation even when the patiens '  thyroid function was normal ,  can prevent myxedema coma due to damaging pituitary or hypophysial stalk during the operation . "
objective :  to summarize the study survey and expect the foreground of radix ranunculi ternati . 
the ferry back to little three gorges leaves at eight in the morning
"a die - hard proponent of expanding 3 - d viewership ,  cameron said the ambitions of the chinese partners ,  as well as chinese state television eager to try out live 3 - d broadcast technology ,  exceeded even his own . "
"the bus stop is a realist drama , which does touch on the motif of waiting , but the positive action of the drifter - quiet man - encourages people to stop waiting and move on , hence the negation of the absurdity of human existence . "
but i ' m just not ready for this kind of commitment . 
"once the day was set ,  once that final appeal had been rejected ,  he had 60 days to live . "
he did not last long in the job .  he just didn ' t cut the mustard . 
preparation and application of unsymmetrical ceramic microporous membrane modified by the growth of naa zeolite . 
and it went from about 25 million dollars to 150 million dollars . 
we got themright where we want them . 
"anyway ,  you know it was a hell of a lot closer than the score . "
there ' s nothing i don ' t love about everything you just said . 
i like to read china daily on my way home . 
conclusions the effects of � � 2  -  ar on camp content in myocytes were stronger after mi . 
"but when they go away ,  so does much of the drinking water . "
"do you get angry and take it out on siblings ,  friends ,  or yourself ? "
"you ' ve been talking about ,  and build the vending machine .  "" "
the fire place only 15 months after the power station began commercial operations . 
"shorty :  no ,  you don ' t know me .  damn sure put me in here ,  though . "
"please clear the gangways ,  ladies and gentlemen .  thank you for your co - operation . "
that is like an anish kapoor flowing through a richard serra . 
candidates shall remain in their seats until all the papers have been collected . 
hbs will maintain a transcript of each student ' s grades and award a certificate of completion to every student who graduates from the program . 
"thanksgiving is a big event ,  but buying a traditional holiday meal can be a struggle for the poor . "
"moisture ,  water activity ,  crispness ,  bowl life and acid value increased with the increasing of storing period ,  and all of these increased obviously with the increasing of the temperature during the storage . "
i come to you with great humility . 
"her mind went to beth ,  jill ' s daughter ,  who had come home last night ,  bleary eyed ,  when she and jill were ready for bed . "
"later ,  as the temperature rose ,  the staphylococcus bacteria grew like a lawn ,  covering the entire plate -  except for the area surrounding the moldy contaminant . "
"when they ' re out of education ,  they do it on a computer . "
what can you tell me about what michelle was working on .  .  .  right before she died ? 
your iife is the sum of a remainder of an unbalanced equation .   .   .   .   .   . inherent to the programmingof the matrix . 
software and service become the another heat that it acclaims after afterwards pc . 
this is one of the classes getting way too excited about writing . 
i suppose you ' re going out to look at those cottages . 
your majesty must not say such things ! 
james brady and abbott larkin are meeting in secret . 
"if  ( a ,  b )   ( ba )  then the graph is a directed graph . "
i just saw my son on the ferry . 
much of the program is based on the twelve - step program of alcoholics anonymous . 
"if you think you are ill with flu ,  go to hospital and avoid close contact with others as much as possible . "
"androgen is an anabolic steroid composed of 19 carbon atoms .  as a sex hormone ,  it has far  -  ranging effects on many sites within the body ,  including bone metabolism . "
obama and gun control advocates face obstacles because of the power of groups such as the national rifle association . 
"the gas roaster are cooled ,  and then put into absorption tower to form regenerative acid . "
all delineation must either found on belief and provable fact or have no foundation at all
the enthusiasm passed e a routine trip became . 
"so is estee lauder ' s compared with that of l ' oreal ,  another big cosmetics firm . "
"the paper introduces the situation of women ' s vote and election in the replacement of the fifth village committee in henan province .  then the authors analyze the reasons for the small proportion of women ' s participation in the election and voting process , and make corresponding suggestions . "
"if there is no line  -  up set for a match ,  the opposing team wins by forfeit 3 : 0 . "
is there something you are doing but you ' ve forgotten why you starting it ? 
"hollywood child actresses elle fanning ,  13 ,  and 14 - year - old hailee steinfeld have both recently signed modeling deals with marc jacobs and miu miu respectively .  before them were actresses such as katherine heigl ,  amanda seyfried and lindsay lohan ,  who started their careers as young models . "
the leading actor is a good actor but the leading lady seems a little stiff . 
over the next five years we hope to save the lives
there ' s clearly sedimentary rocks all over the place 閳 ? 
"you simple start with one word or phrase ,  repeat it and add the second word or phrase ,  then another repeat with the third word and so on . "
we will have more about earthquakes next tuesday on the weekly program science in the news .  and that ' s in the news from voa learning english .  i ' m mario ritter . 
i became increasingly fascinated by the diversity of life . 
some analysts believe one reason for china ' s reluctance may be iran ' s oil . 
"are ,  firstly ,  we have a restaurant inside a productive greenhouse , "
"drop that little blue bomb ,  you ' re hard as a louisville slugger for 12 hours . "
it means that they are falling in love again . 
"the experimental results show that ground pressure and internal force around a tunnel portal are related to the thickness of overburden ,  the grade and the crossing angle :  when the crossing angle is 90° ,  maximum ground pressure and bend moment are at the invert bottom of a tunnel portal ; "
but i neversaw stuff like that anywhere . 
"the mine ,  which has 22 million tons of iron ore reserves and 7 tons of manganese ,  is of interest to the chinese group ,  according to experts quoted in the brazilian press . "
"and we would suffer a lot less fear of the use of military force on our end , "
that are a better match to the ways our brains and bodies work . 
"this is my last column for the wall street journal ,  after 22 years of reviewing consumer technology products here . "
won ' t you make one more effort for god ? 
we have to give up 8 of them ? 
you just ignore that dumb old wall . 
"the data from the remote sensing satellite will be used to map infrastructure and natural resources in the country ,  and will assist planners in the country . "
"then they fall back down and slap the water with their front ,  sides or back . "
"the enemy can ' t go on much longer , they are quite done up . "
is this the young manyou were telling us about ? 
"and if it hasn’t ,  how can you honestly find a cure for the economic problems of the common people if you have no experience in what’s ailing them ? "
"i have received a good education  , and know english ,  spanish and shorthand . "
he ' il be released and no one will welcome him . 
" "" the great source of both the misery and disorders of human life"
"and women do have a shorter shelf iife than men ,  don´t they ? "
it ' s the open secret that nobody in government wants to talk about :  that cherished presidential signature that ' s tucked away in a scrapbook or framed for all to see might never have passed under the president ' s hand . 
draw your flight line in the box on the right and mark the cities you want to visit on the map . 
he teed the ball up carefully and then teed off . 
that evening i went across the quad to visit collins . 
"like you believe it with every bone of your body ,  and then we move through this thing . "
she´s already met the prophets .  .  .  and the apostle´s with them ? 
"other favoured treatments are lasers ,  which perk up skin - tone ,  and cosmetic fillers for those deep grooves between the nose and the mouth . "
"oh ,  allah ,  you say that men are the protectors .   .  .  . and maintainers of women .   .  .  . because you have giventhe one more strength than the other . "
so what advice can you give writers on how to boost their confidence levels ? 
"because the swiss said ,   "" well ,  why are we going to spend ,  you know , "
"but the weird thing is ,  we have not absorbed this lesson 150 years later ; "
"you seemed awful surprised ,  and i ' m sorry . "
"viola ,  i think you dislocated my vagina . "
"tears welling up in her eyes ,  huang duoke ,  18 ,  a freshman at hubei university of economics ,  stands alone at the bus station and waves her parents goodbye . "
"is that if you take surveys from around the world , "
"aiming at the water resources quantity , using luancheng county as a study case , we analyze the changing trends and replenishment elements about ground water , and put forward countermeasure on agricultural water utilization and sustainable developmentin this area . "
the persistence of the heavy rain hampered the flow of traffic . 
"methods 78 cases of lumbar disc herniation were treated with lumbar traction by multi - dimensional traction bed , and moist .  heated with herbal medicine on the next gay . "
"for this project riversdale has gone into partnership with indian group tata steel ,  the world ' s sixth largest steel producer ,  under the terms of which the indian group has a 35 percent stake . "
“now the conflict is shifting from a political to a military phase .  russian soldiers have started shooting at ukrainian servicemen .  ”
such a fun day with my girl courtne in the bu !  lol . 
"“they thought we were journalists ,  so they took us along when they went to the relief station .  they thought with us around ,  they would get more support , ” says chen . "
"there are immense ones ,  such as the horrific rapes in congo"
"at this year ' s fifa world cup ,  the first kick was delivered by a man with paralyzed legs ,  juliano pinto .  he was wearing an elaborate exoskeleton suit that enabled him to ,  remarkably ,  tap a soccer ball with his foot using only his mind — no buttons ,  no muscles ,  just brainwaves . "
"mystery is important .  you fall in love with somebody who ' s somewhat mysterious , "
"in a recent tender ,  the brazilian oil company won stakes in the angolan off - shore blocs 6 ( 40 percent )  and 26 ( 80 percent )  ,  where it will be the operator ,  and also in the disputed bloc 15 ( 5 percent )  . "
the president said friday that his administration has helped to make higher education more affordable by giving more federal money to students who need it . 
"when i saw you at the station , "
"jonathan alpert ,  a new york psychotherapist and author of be fearless :  change your life in 28 days ,  says he treats corporate workers ,  media and finance specialists ,  and nearly everyone is ""  facing more pressure .  with people laid off ,  people are taking on more responsibilities ,  working harder ,  having less support and that amounts to burnout .   "" "
researchers are investigating whether maize lethal necrosis is spread by insects or in seeds . 
"that is open to fishing  -  -  and mining ,  and drilling ,  and dumping ,  and whatever  -  - "
"nimer al - assaf says the group ' s leaders do not send warriors to fight ,  although he argues it is their right . "
"as our brains grew so did our heads get bigger ,  our skulls expanded and our features became flatter . "
"prady and the other writers made it an early goal to write the character as a real person ,  so as to “make him relatable” . "
"when we did that ,  here ' s a new experiment that we did : "
"well ,  if i can just get the key to 1408 ,  i can get out of your hair . "
"body mass ,  however ,  showed a clear correlation across the 15 species . "
"i don ' t want you to turn on the tv next week and see the president dead ,  and know you could ' ve done something about it . "
"the number of cellular phone users in angola rose 33 percent last year to 1 . 6 million people ,  according to figures from angolan telecom regulator inacom . "
and i do 400 or so shows a year . 
does it look weird that i ' m here ? 
 .  .  .  help us find children who can participate in project prakash .  ) 
i think i ' il oblige the officers who ' s come after me . 
"if you have the vocation and the will to be here , "
"that is what we need to pick up out of this poll .  "" "
we have endured decades of humiliation for this day
"beyond that ,  you have to go all the way down to freddie ljungberg and dennis bergkamp with 4 . "
"well ,  contrary to the public opinion ,  men actually notice and know for sure whathairstylethey love on you . "
i read a 1977 interview where you said that .  .  .  the teal and blue really kept you focused during the tough times . 
for a lot of us it might be literature or writing . 
 ( 19 ) jesus reveals why i don ' t care about online reputation
"rivals such as friends reunited and myspace have seen ' average session times '  drop off ,  which then led to a reduction in visitor numbers . "
"671 .  one of these days ,  i ' d like to take a vacation . "
notice of the decision on appeal shall be given to the appellant and the reasons for such decision shall be provided in writing . 
"asked about timings for this restructuring ,  jaime said that five years would likely be enough . "
"firstly ,  through the theoretical analysis of monetary approach to the balance of payments and bop effect ,  a conclusion can be drawn that fdi will increase the surplus of china’s balance of payment  ( bop )  in short term ,  but bring a deficit to the service and income account and pressure on the current account in the long run . "
our hunt for a house is at last at an end . 
"first ,  he got an age - old way of making it ,  which was relief , "
get up and move when you ' re ready .  start slowly and increase your activity as you feel up to it .  start with short walks . 
"the young man fell victim to a cruel crime ,  motive unclear . "
which are very specific for each molecule and for the bonds connecting them . 
not just because the red sox are having a bad year  -  - 
"nacala is one of the mozambican deep water ports ( beira and maputo are the others )  ,  that can receive large ships with goods for countries in the interior of the continent . "
they argue that rating agencies and investors are likely to see this as a black mark against managers who have increased leverage for no good reason . 
"with each kind of model and algorithm ,  the authors compare and contrast the characteristics of them . "
the dc interconnection has the ability to respond rapidly to generator speed signals and increase or decrease the power flow as needed to dampen the transient oscillations . 
mistakes live in the neighbourhood of truth and therefore delude us . 
someone ' s offering 10 million dollars to go and do this thing . 
stop grubbing about there and tell me what you are looking for . 
"we ' re delighted to have mr .  blank with us this evening ,  to present his commencement address title .  why your parents will be happy ,  3 of you will make 100 million dollars 。 please join me and welcoming mr .  steve blank . "
"however ,  the unveiling of a next  -  generation robot astronaut shows the android space program to be alive and well . "
"she wasn '  t very keen on the trip ,  but she had to string along with the group . "
"and the documentation of that ,  the imaginative and documentation of that"
"a couple of weeks later ,  i started my senior year in high school ,  still on a high from boys nation ,  and determined to enjoy my last shot at childhood . "
connectivity issues usually surface as timeouts reported in error logs or sometimes as error messages in the user interfaces . 
"but according to researchers ,  if a woman is applying for a  '  masculine '  job ,  she really needn ' t have bothered . "
"in his great novel ,   "" the brothers karamazov ,  ""  dostoevsky gives these words to ivan , "
"fernando pinto ,  tap ' s chief executive ,  said in a recent interview with weekly newspaper sol that both airlines were preparing to increase flights between lisbon and luanda . "
i ' m going to skip way ahead here to the space phase . 
"i ' ve got a letter from mike o ' donnell ,  he ' s the husband in this case ! "
they ' re comingto the house when it gets dark ! 
he is an unscrupulous rogue .  no one believes him . 
not until i see my daughter ! 
so you have brought him thither from the barricade ? 
in st petersburg he went cold and hungry while working as a signwriter to earn the money to pay his school fees and board and lodging . 
"while the decision won praise from statesmen like nelson mandela and mikhail gorbachev ,  both former nobel laureates ,  it was also attacked ,  especially in parts of the arab and muslim world ,  as hasty and undeserved . "
the number of heroin and opiate users like qurban are expected to increase when international combat forces leave afghanistan in 2014 and opium production and smuggling are less controlled . 
"we ' re going to reprogram the bacteria in your gut , "
"here comes green ,  issuing a challenge from the outside lane . "
"i know that i ' m leaving in a couple of days ,  so i don ' t even know what the hell this means , "
the soldiers counted off from the left by four . 
"they need to know where i ' m doing my business , "
there are more than five hundred people on the playground . 
the present phone boxes will go out of use next year . 
"the technology provided to the joint venture must be integrated ,  precise and reliable . "
"of course ,  you should remember that the user must also type all these long names ,  and so be merciful . "
"why you should watch it :  from the new season’s trailers ,  it appears vengeance is highly likely . "
"and of course me ,  archy ,  four long fucking years . "
"i want radio clearance ,  over ,   -  that ' s clarence oveur ,  over , "
his servile expression of praise for his employer was disgusting to me . 
i ' ve been studying romantic love and sex and attachment for 30 years . 
"it ' s connected to the case ,  isn ' t it ? "
"they also consume more than they need simply to cope with boredom or stress ,  research has found . "
it ' s gonna be a night they ' ii never forget . 
"detection is ,  or ought to be ,  an exact science and should treated in the same cold and [  / color ]  [  / size ]  [  / align ]  [ size = 2 ]  [ color = black ]  unemotional manner . "
"just has indicates the new deal ,  the new deal ,  most of the key people in new deal were for big government intervention ,  long before there was a stock market crash . "
she says her prayers every night before she goes to bed . 
chief election commissioner qazi mohammed farooq says the elections originally scheduled for january 8 are being postponed and will be held next month . 
"muchnick ' s company ,  aviary ,  makes free web  - based software for creating and editing images and sounds . "
"come here ,  i want to show you something . "
"sometimes you bend over backwards to please ,  but still get nowhere . "
"sometimes ,  i ' m not sure if you ' re supposed to be a bird of prey or a cat . "
"alas ,  said the mouse ,  now i see what has happened ,  now it comes to light .  you are a true friend .  you have devoured all when you were standing godmother .  first top off then half done ,  then -  . "
"a punishment is a stimulus that reduces the immediately preceding behavior , "
"and the third valley ,  there was something quite mysterious and ominous , "
"jen :  that ' s right ;  you might use the phrase amongst friends when you get a bill ,  or you might hear it if you are paying a workman to do something . "
 ( 120 )  white house edges closer to short - term debt ceiling deal
"so here it is .  you can check :  i am short ,  i ' m french , "
when are you guysgonna get over yourselves ? 
"based on the basic concept of electromagnetic compatibility ,  the sources of interference , manners of transmission and rejection measures in electric power system are analyzed systematically , and corresponding antidotes are put forward aiming to some problems occuring in engineering practice .  the future research direction and difficulty of electromagnetic compatibility in electric power system are pointed out . "
it ' s a very simple behavior that shows you the power of this approach . 
"i ' ve killed men in five countries ,  never a priest . "
chanted more of a cut from the robberies . 
and some of them just come from common sense . 
heavy meals may be difficult to digest and indigestion may make it difficult to fall asleep . 
"now a couple of companies ,  like google ,  they have innovation time off ,  20 percent time . "
"macau ,  china ,  14 june–an electric vehicle with an autonomy of 250 hours being developed in china by a portuguese engineer is to begin a round of tests this week ,  the engineer told portuguese news agency lusa wednesday in macau . "
"if a ship goes aground ,  the commander faces an almost certain inquiry and disciplinary measures from which his career is unlikely to quickly recover . "
"whether it is the trick we saw at the party , "
but it gives art historians a new line of investigation to pursue . 
"the colder south pole s its atop the massive ,  frozen continent of antarctica . "
"what ?  no ,  she ' s got something in her eye . "
responsibility for his family bear down on the young ma
your pulse lulls the tympans of my ears . 
he lost his travelling bag when he crossed the desert . 
"however ,  reina insists he is not thinking about the possible a victory might bring . "
line it up with the edge of the table and gently smooth over to remove any air bubbles . 
and you ' re gonna listen to these idiots ? 
"two weeks ago ,  the court ' s chief prosecutor asked the tribunal for an arrest warrant for president omar al - bashir .  it could be a few months before the judges decide whether to grant that warrant . "
old people say the vampire wipes her bloody mouth .  .  .  on baby ' s diapers after she ' s gobble up their intestines . 
"nice ,  respectful asian kid does the laundry . "
"the legislation would set caps on u . s .  greenhouse gas emissions from electric utility ,  transportation and manufacturing industries beginning in 2012 ,  with the goal of reducing such emissions by as much as 66 percent by 2050 . "
"he said that such a man would be in a lunatic asylum , "
he said there were scores of bases in the southern part of the province .  this information is confirmed by some commercial farmers in district . 
i feel that was a very touching moment right there . 
"it ' s a hard problem because the water sloshes about ,  but it can do it . "
the only thing worse than getting rejected is having to be informed of said denial by a middleman . 
"a novel very high speed ttl comparator is presented in the paper its principle of operation ,  process technology ,  technical specifications and reliability design are briefly described this product features low operational voltage  (  + 3 v )  ,  low power dissipation  ( 6 ma )  ,  fast response  ( 10 ns )  it can be widely used in high speed sequencing logic ,  linear receiver ,  digital communication ,  high speed analog signal sampling and pcmcia card"
"this article deals with how to cultivate students '  creative power in teaching physics from the aspects of plotting situational problems ,  guiding students '  guesses and valuing experiments . "
"remember the good old days ,  back when you just filled out a form ,  signed your name ,  and got a cool credit card and a bunch of gifts right there on campus ?  well ,  don ' t expect that to happen again anytime soon .  recently ,  china ' s major commercial banks stopped handing out credit cards to college students because of payment problems .  in fact those problems with credit cards are a phenomenon that existed long before the banks recent decision . "
"right now ,  you have a few enthusiasts talking about it ,  some in a positive side , "
"took a ping - pong table and placed a projector above it , "
i ' m going to leave my material here . 
he says many countries in europe and asia already have online privacy laws in place . 
" "" we ' re on a routine recon inside iraqi - controlled terrain ,  assessing troop strength .  "" "
it doesn ' t interact at all .  so how do we know it ' s there ? 
specifically looking at the effects of heavy metals on the developing nervous system . 
"‘so the dog says  "" bark !  ""  and the device analyses it and says ,   "" i want to eat chicken tonight .  "" "
"enrico reatto ,  of mittal ,  guaranteed at the time an immediate investment of us $ 10 million to get the factories up and running . "
take a look at the weather for the upcoming week ! 
"i housed that 4 , 000 material at the herbarium of makerere university . "
strangeness is assumed to be a conserved quantity in all interactions that are not weak . 
but she received unemployment benefits for that week . 
"michael marder is ikerbasque research professor of philosophy at the university of the basque country ,  vitoria - gasteiz .  his most recent book ,   "" plant - thinking :  a philosophy of vegetal life "" "
"that includes making your profile relevant to the job that you want to get ,  says ms .  llarena . "
"it helps flush out the toxins in your body by enhancing enzyme function ,  stimulating your liver . "
the defect of ganjiang bridge was investigated .  the damage condition of all components was evaluated . 
and i think that does lead to a kind of a tolerance to the extent that you realize
" "" people realized that love could be the reason for a marriage .  they gradually gave up the old idea of sex as reserved for having children .  they began to see sex as a way of expressing love and affection ,  and for the pleasure of body and soul ,  ""  says chen mingxia . "
"in a decade of coaching ,  i can count on one hand the number of men who have been bothered by the way they look on camera ,  and let me assure you it ' s not because they all look so good .  women on the other hand cannot focus on the coaching if they feel they don ' t look their best .  this is all understandable .  it ' s one of the reasons i don ' t miss being on tv at the crack of dawn .  visually ,  we have more clothing and hair choices than men ,  and we have long been judged on our looks no matter what the job and how well you do .  ask hilary clinton . "
are recharged at less than 20 cents at each recharge . 
"the walls of the chinese building ,  unlike those of the conventional european building ,  are free from the weight of the upper floors and the roof ,  and may be installed or omitted as required . "
the latest demonstrations are the largest to take place since protests forced former president hosni mubarak to resign earlier this year . 
this paper gives a newtype of intake system  -  the resonant intake system . 
"on the basis of deputation theory ,  and from a thought of value management of eva ,  this study seeks to create a bond between the concept of eva and corporate governance structure ,  digs for impacts made by the idea of eva on our optimization of corporate governance structure ,  and finally finds out an effective corporate governance mechanism . "
"and you see here in this description of an olympic skater , "
with 47 floors of living space it was intended to be the tallest residential building in europe . 
"in memorizing a number ,  you might try to associate it with familiar numbers or events . "
our stepsister has always been jealous of you . 
"kids have no ,  or very little say in making the rules , "
the question now is which of the deep pocketed groups listed above — if any — will wind up partnering with huffington . 
" "" in school ,  we had recess twice a day ,  gym class twice a week ,  like it or not ,  ""  obama said .   "" when we got home ,  there was no way we ' d be allowed to lie around the house watching tv . "
though there may be wet roads ahead
so mundane sounds can be really interesting if you pay attention . 
alpha ' s orders get obeyed whether we want them to or not . 
"don ' t just stare at your shoes .  go say  "" hi ""  to that new guy .  the ice - breakers that follow will help you get through the embarrassing moments when you find yourself in front of people from different cultures : "
to accept that dirty needle or not to get high . 
can i bother you for a sec ? 
attention in order to achieve the ultimate goal  -  -  -  to promote advertising sales . 
as a way to try to address these security issues
"if working up a sweat doesn’t appear to trigger a headache ,  then you can gradually build up to higher intensity workouts . "
about 100 communist party supporters gathered on moscow ' s red square to denounce the event that led to the soviet union ' s collapse 15 years ago . 
you haven ' t heard from her in a little while . 
"oh ,  come on .   /  -  we got a ceremony to  / get to . "
"you ' ve got a neutron ,  so you can make that happen . "
it ' s not my fault you abandoned your post ! 
"the primarily nocturnal frogs live among the leaf litter in the amazon rainforests .  they are avid feeders ,  employing a sit - and - wait ambush on their prey . "
"66 degrees ,  33 minutes ,  40 seconds ,  north . "
"i ' m a hopeless driver ,  but the examiner let me through . "
"after he spent some time with the kids ,  i asked him what happened . "
"but the taiwanese babies are getting better ,  not the american babies . "
"i suppose the real answer to your question is ,  uh ,  well ,  love really . "
"at the glastonbury festival ,  the news that jackson had died across the site in minutes . "
prosecutors say the president ' s personal doctor ibrahim mama cisse and one of the president ' s nieces zouberath kora - seke were arrested on sunday . 
"oh ,  i ' m glad you like it . "
we’ll continue with the vital work on the deficit . 
agriculture in this country has developed greatly after liberation . 
is embodied in what ' s going on at the place i used to work  -  - 
i played the beta stress test .  it is not a very good game .  an amazing exercise in mediocrity . 
"the first chinese student to graduate from a u . s .  university ,  industrialist and political reformer yung wing ,  received a degree from yale in 1854 and later naturalized to become a u . s .  citizen . "
that ' s the dial below and right of the airspeed indicator . 
"lead author dr .  frank biro ,  director of the division of adolescent medicine at cincinnati children ' s hospital ,  hopes the ongoing study will help clarify the causes of early puberty . "
i think with that film tarantino didn ' t necessarily try to pass off some of touches as his own . 
and by this age there is absolutely no question
this is basically why we would bother to do it . 
"wang did not comment further on the case until final investigation results were out ,  implying that the consulate will work to ensure jiang gets a fair trial and his legal rights are fully protected . "
bertha constantly received congratulations from the surrounding squires on the admirable way in which edward managed . 
"the united nation ' s world food program warned wednesday  "" time is running out ""  to avert a  "" humanitarian food crisis .  ""  jean - pierre de margerie is the wfp ' s representative in pyongyang . "
dropping the treetop orange on the way to the picnic . 
gates is the only bush administration cabinet member who has been asked to stay on in the obama administration . 
"and as i said ,  we don ' t know how hard that is .  it might be  -  - "
"speaking recently ,  diogo lacerda machado ,  a member of geocapital ' s board of directors ,  estimated that an investment of between 4 and 6 million euros would be needed to set up the timorese bank . "
you ' ve got to get away before it ' s too late . 
"you can go back and you can look at the entire history of your computer , "
but it won ' t wash your dishes .  there ' s no app for that .  and there never will be . 
the bite  -  size portions of beef are so soft and tender they almost melt in the mouth ! 
many were stylishly attired in distressed jeans and bright  -  colored sneakers ; 
a healthy stock market is one in which investors don ' t care about the government ;  they focus on the strength of the companies whose stocks they are buying . 
"the mxf files contain streams that are compressed ,  encoded ,  and encrypted ,  in order to reduce the huge amount of required storage and to protect from unauthorized use . "
"ferraris ,  porsches ,  bmws ,  mercedes are regularly abandoned at the car park of dubai international airport ,  some with loan documents and apology notes simply left on the windscreen . "
the change is delicacy in the centre region and acute in the north and south region .  the resident land index has been increased in the whole . 
is that the tone of the conversation is the tone that i like . 
"this is the same village in cambodia ,  just a couple of months ago . "
"a key feature of catchup is that it then presents the result in audio form ,  so the latecomer hears a spoken summary rather than having to plough through a transcript . "
"put the disk in the drive ,  and boot from the cd . "
what they may not know is that some bottled water may not be as pure as they expect . 
"when you throw her up in the air for play ,  she laughs instead of crying . "
we selected ed3 ( o139 )  field isolated strain which lead little mouse to death in the least dose .  the results of the experiment showed that ed3 field isolated strain injection had its ld50 as 2 . 55 x 108 cfu for little mice . 
so that kid would do fine in the crash . 
"with no end in sight for the rich world ' s recession ,  china’s exports will continue to slide this year . "
"the french have been credited with inventing the bidet and popularising pissoirs or public urinals ,  and now they can add the biodegradable and portable toilet to their name . "
"we have now bring beautiful things ,  beautiful gifts ,  we know so many things . "
nba teams are allowed to carry 12 active and three inactive players . 
one bad week can undermine decades of good work . 
but i won ' t let them have it . 
"if he ' s not eligible ,  why is he included in these pictures ? "
"nonetheless ,  too much combing or brushing will cause hair breakage and damage . "
637 .  all my suits are dirty .  i don ' t have anything to wear . 
an ordinary person is most likely to black out below 60 feet and before 2 minutes without equipment . 
" ' it does not fully resolve our concerns ,  but it gives us a set of basic principles on which to move forward ,  '  he told a closing ceremony at the great hall of the people . "
"brasilia ,  brazil ,  3 march–the central bank of brazil thursday authorized state portuguese banking group caixa geral de dep ósitos ( cgd )  to open a new bank ,  banco caixa geral–brasil ,  according to a statement on the central bank ' s website . "
what are we going to do about you ? 
"supporters of the lawrence family ' s campaign duly stressed that the murdered boy ,  while  "" not perfect ""   ( in the words of a family lawyer )  was studying for school - leavers '  a - level exams and dreamed of being an architect .  his parents — who emigrated from jamaica in the 1960s — were described as hard - working ,  married church - goers .  their children played tennis ,  it was reported . "
"if that you are ,  pon the hands here . "
"maputo ,  mozambique ,  11 july–japan will give mozambique us $  1 . 1 million to destroy 334 tons of obsolete pesticides gathered from across the african state ,  an official has said . "
"no matter what happens ,  i ' ll always stand by you . "
" "" we have offered iran ' s leaders a very generous package that would give them access to state of the art technology for nuclear power plants ,  that would give them assurances of fuel supply ,  that would address some of the security issues that they ' ve raised ,  that would allow for cooperation in areas of common interest like fighting against narcotics ,  ""  he said .   "" and ,  we ' ve looked for a way to get them into those negotiations and we said we would be there .  "" "
"well ,  if he is ,  i ' m gonna find him . "
"well ,  that would have been much different ,  i think i would have instantly answered , "
usually you can see if a company is in good financial condition  -  in good financial shape  -  by looking at its balance sheet  -  a list of all of the things the company gets in and all the things that the company spends . 
"she lays eggs ,  she feeds the larvae  -  -  so an ant starts as an egg ,  then it ' s a larva . "
"“we figure out a comprehensive plan for starting up a business ,  then teach it to the target group ,  helping them make more money and elevate their living standards , ” she says . "
"well ,  we need to get these jewels back ,  english ,  and fast . "
our new york company has an affiliate in los angeles . 
so my teeth actually hold my jaw in the correct position . 
"experts say genetic analysis shows the h7n9 virus can be treated with tamiflu ,  anantiviraldrug that may slow the spread of influenza in the body . "
a number of wildfires are raging out of control and have so far burned 2500 acres and destroyed 185 homes and businesses all around the southland . 
"they are made with a lot of sugar ,  typically . "
we ' il talk sometime when you ' re not so busy . 
" "" any city is ,  by definition ,  european .  the kikuyu do not live in cities .  "" "
"this is diametrically opposite to the policy of "" ruling the country by the party ""  . "
"make chrysanthemum ,  dandelion ,  burdock ,  and beet top tea ;  drink this as regular beverage during day . "
the italian government says it is a serious risk that rock seeds could cause the capsized cruise ship costa concordia to sink completely . 
i just have to wait for the donor
objective  : to investigate the changes of corneal astigmatism after trabeculectomy and analyse the causes . 
"the united nations children ' s fund ,  unicef ,  says more than 200 child soldiers held by rebels have been demobilized following seven months of negotiations .  unicef says the children ,  including one girl ,  were being held by a dissident group that broke with the rebel national liberation front .  the fnl is still fighting a civil war with the burundian government . "
"dk :  this next project ,  we were asked to design a pavilion to celebrate"
"with a slow shutter speed it ' s more likely that you or your subject is going to move while the shutter is open ,  causing motion blur in your photo . "
"you say ,   "" what are you doing !  now stop it ,  stop it ,  stop it !  "" "
the thief made a grab at my bag but i pushed him away . 
dove to a depth of 30 feet ;  shelves with enough depth to store the large boxes . 
but don ' t try to sell me on those singles weekends or the culture festival or whatever other schemes were supposed to dig you out last summer . 
but some good shit ' s gonna come from this . 
it is natural that such a hardworking student should pass the exam . 
"diagnosis of narcolepsy can take a very long time ,  sometimes more than one year ,  or even up to several decades . "
the invader had prepared for this compaign as carefully as he had for larger ones . 
"and then you got the unknown unknowns ,  those are the things"
what are you looking at him for ? 
he says it came from the sky . 
"and for some reason ,  in cameroon ,  when they tried"
"this error can also occur on a normal boot time out ,  in which case just try again . "
the court granted me a lien on my debtor ' s property . 
"i think a man ' s shoes should have laces ,  sir . "
"as they were all school teachers ,  they began to talk shop . "
i can ' t relate what he does with  [ to ]  what he says . 
"now from what i can tell ,  their relationship was never made public . "
i wanna tell you about my meeting with buzhayev . 
"in documenting the historical crapshoot of the last 200 years ,  there have been few losers more assiduous than the chinese . "
it also presents data  -  merge and data  -  extract techniques to improve block level recovery performance . 
carrie is here with me now and she’s going to read her recipe for us . 
"and they said ,   "" yeah ,  you ' re right ,  we should make a law . "
"lions gate ' s '  conan the barbarian ,   ' a 3 - d remake of the 1982 arnold schwarzenegger hit ,  stumbled badly ,  grossing  $ 10 million from 3 ,  015 locations . "
"people like ann constantly amaze me  -  they seem to be burning with an energy to learn and to work ,  the like of which i had only observed in my colleagues in silicon valley during the heydays of the dotcom boom .  several of my key staff ,  including ann ,  had told me that they expect a winning team to be one that is so dedicated to their goals that the team members do not have any personal life . "
the technique of low incision and high draining with tube is an effective method for anal abscess . 
"that way ,  if you run into a problem during the upgrade ,  no harm is done . "
"in ,  newton  -  ralphson iterative algorithm ,  based on the hardware of multiplier ,  to achieve floating point division operation . "
many were proud to see their president standing at the great wall of china . 
"people of yulin ,  guangxi province ,  cherish summersolsticetradition but animal rights groups denounce event as inhumane . "
the most important thing we can do right now is stay alive . 
and the reason that ' s been held up is essentially by community outrage
and i never know who i ' m thanking or why . 
we met at the coffee place . 
you know what it reminds me of ? 
cannot delete the log file % 1  [ this message is temp ] 
"we ' re gonna have a little talk ,  okay ?  . "
"i mean ,  it ' s a little bit like wearing stilts on stilts , "
"in many ways ,  their attitude is experimental - they seek to add new harmonies ,  newsonorities ,  new formal principles . "
you need to bring your pet back . 
"i mean , she was only here for a couple of hours . "
"i added statements to print to standard out ,  but why not use a more sophisticated logging mechanism to keep track of which files have been uploaded and when ? "
"others ,  including a growing number of populist politicians ,  want to turn their nations inward and shut out not just the world but also the elites ’ project of european integration . "
the famous actor is now appearing at the grand theater . 
" ' the advertising industry was crafting appeals on the basis of consumers '  desire to fit in long before the '  mad men  ' era ,  '  mr .  martin says .   ' but many businesses are only now beginning to experiment with social norms as a tool to drive profits .  ' "
the simulation results of research on the equations of motion of guided bomb established in sideling coordinate system show the advantages of the sideling coordinate system . 
"study on creativity , coagulative power and fighting strength of the grass -  roots department of the high school party"
"and who you are ,  and build a relationship with you . "
"it is found that with the crystallization proceeding ,  a tensile force upon the parallel  -  plates is induced by volume contraction of the sample . "
"if we do not achieve one of these ,  further crises are inevitable . "
"incumbent president roh moo - hyun and his predecessor ,  kim dae - jung ,  viewed north - south relations as a unique and delicate matter to be handled separately from other foreign policy processes  -  including ,  at times ,  multinational efforts to get rid of north korea ' s nuclear weapons . "
"we ' ve listed some of europe ' s micronations here ,  ranging from hippy communes to renovated war forts to socialist islands on a tiny rock . "
she ' s not here she ' s on a boat in yichang
is that what i ' m calling my plan ? 
finally i wish the oecd global forum on international investment 200a complete success ! 
"but even if animals could be proved amoral and immune to pain ,  human beings would have no basis for even careless treatment of them . "
"face by abrade hind ,  good blacken of gong heigong how to do ? "
the colombian security forces have arrested three men they suspected of shooting dead ten farm workers last week . 
to remind you how many calories are going to be coming at you . 
the man formed a habit of taking harmful drugs . 
"well ,  why don ' t you all come into the house for some chocolate milk ? "
i mean he found you kind of an enigma at your school  -  - 
"and the second they get into that time point when they can ' t strike any more , "
let us remind ourselves we are in god ' s presence . 
"other uses of the évora unit will be ,  in an initial phase ,  logistical support for executive jets which fly in europe ,  the second biggest market in the sector after the united states . "
whether he wears pants or she wears a skirt ? 
the tugs took up the strain and the ocean liner edged away from the quayside . 
we ' re not doing that at any scale on governance . 
80 percent in some parts of the world .  why do people do it ? 
"founded on may 2000 ,  our corporate objective is to constitute a diversified portfolio of equity holdings in unlisted companies . "
"we ask the chinese .  we will run this train into the ground ,  and then we will tell the chinese we need another one . "
"now ,  i know how much you like the art ,  i thought that would look good on your wall . "
we honk when we go by him . 
what technology can we really apply to reducing global poverty ? 
this must be what it feels like to give birth . 
the author got all his friends to write blurbs for his book . 
i hope you like how sexy i am . 
"however ,  both teams have tended to be underachievers when it comes to the world cup finals themselves . "
"many also liked reagan ' s sunny all -  american personality ,  something obama has trouble projecting . "
the uk ' s home office intends to tighten visa regulations for international students to reduce the country ' s annual net migration and cope with high domestic unemployment . 
so you ' re saying that men are incapable of love ? 
"we call this a battle ,  but what are we fighting for ? "
was arrested by the london metropolitan police on a visit to london . 
"as with any radical departure from previous thinking within a particular field , "
"the list includes the telephone and computer systems ,  electronic mail ,  word processing ,  desktop publishing，database management system，two - way cable tv， office - to - office satellite broadcasting，on - line database service，and voice recognition and synthesis .  each of these components is intended to automate a task or function that is presently performed manually .  experts agree that the goal can be accomplished when the computer，communication ,  and office equipment are networked and an office work can easily access the entire system through a personal computer sitting on his or her desk .  then it will be possible to change substantially the way people work in an office . "
"and we ' re going to try to really pull this off , "
tracked a hurricane heading for south florida . 
"as  ( agile )  software developers ,  you might not like it  -  i predicted that at the beginning .  .  . "
"and besides ,  what if you´re wrong ,  like you always are ? "
the manager wants to clear off the old stocks in the warehouse . 
"so ,  when i went into these archives looking at this stuff ,  lo and behold , "
"industrial supplies stocks ,  temperature sensor ,  thermocouple ,  resistance thermometer ,  pyrometer ,  rtd industrial supplies stocks . "
i will remember what you have said
"he makes very careful decisions about color ,  shape and line so that he can make the best print possible . "
"the attack ,  in a leaked draft paper on european policy ,  capped a week in which calls have mounted from several european leaders for a review of austerity policies championed by germany . "
daniel costa at the economic policy institute in washington welcomed the new limits on jobs that the students can fill . 
"it’s usually extremists and dictator  - like leaders who use the phrase “wiped off the map ,  ""  and they usually mean it as a threat to some other nation they ’d like to see destroyed . "
that’s why she always wore a medical alert bracelet .  now she’s replaced that piece of jewelry with a tattoo . 
i will erase even the memory of sparta from the histories . 
"about ,  you know ,   "" look to the ant ,  thou sluggard ,  "" "
you should give us managerial and technical advice from time to time . 
pte has a broad spectrum of manifestations from minimal disease to sudden death .  clinical presentations of pte lack specificity .  about 67 %  of pte unsuspected were confirmed in autopsy series and about 18 %  ~ 39 %  patients with pte were diagnosed before demise . 
this article will show how the mould for the l  +  l engine is made . 
a rhythm of one two three one two three is characteristic of waltz . 
she had a chance to see the competition  ( ie the other people who were trying to get the same job as she was )  before the interview . 
we appreciate the good quality of your goods but unfortunately we are not going to accept the offer on your terms . 
"though we have always known that bones change over time ,  until now ,  the extent to which it causes an aged appearance was not appreciated . "
"on thursday ,  the region ' s parliament called for a vote towards the end of may .  mark lowen reports from yalta in crimea . "
"i don ' t know about anybody else ,  but i ' m starved . "
conclusion central fovea of the rvo fellow eyes was functionally impaired . 
some u . s .  livestock exporters said friday that china had denied permits for live - hog imports from the u . s .  until the usda implemented the testing and certification procedures . 
"i am mad ,  i will smash you to pieces ,  into little bitsy pieces . "
"truly persuasive people understand their power and use it sparingly and knowingly .  they understand that most conversations do not require trying to get someone to do or accept something .  aggressive pushers are a turn - off and will put most people on the defensive .  it ' s the person who rarely asks or argues that ultimately gets consideration when they strongly advocate an idea ,  especially when they do it with power and persistence .  want to persuade more ?  argue and advocate less often . "
the amino cyclohexylcarbinols  ( 9 )  derived from the fused isxoazolidine  ( 8 )  were a mixture of cis and trans isomers . 
the ilo economist said a big reason for the high youth unemployment rate in the world is a skills mismatch . 
research of jl 8 aircraft stall and spin flight test is described in this paper . 
"after a spectacular closing ceremony ,  the president of the international paralympic committee sir .  philip craven said sochi had hosted the best paralympic games ever . bbc news"
"the acquaintance with and the training in appropriate planning methods ,  processes and instruments are essential to understanding and resolving these needs . "
"if you want to live ,  you ' re out of options . "
he began to feel the symptoms of a nerve disease called ataxia which interfered with his movements and made it difficult for him to hold a brush and manipulate paint with his usual ease . 
american firms used to be allowed to amortize goodwill over many years . 
what are all those people downstairs ? 
the breach involved data from credit cards and debit cards . 
"they have fewer savings ,  so usually launch their businesses with less capital than men ,  and are less likely to apply for a loan for fear of being denied . "
"when the war was over ,  there was a tumultuous parade in london . "
"then the nations set against him on every side from the provinces ,  and spread their net over him :  he was taken in their pit . "
guarantee trust bank recently issued the first euro bond
which leads us to believe at this juncture we ' d only like to use you as a consultant . 
china ' s leaders have been talking about modifying the system for years . 
and that they become very excited about it and very addicted to it . 
"when time to steal the original ,  leaving just listened .  so we always stay at a time ,  miss a period of time"
a widely used ignition switch that has a tendency to slip from the on position to off if a driver uses a heavy keychain or bounces down a rough road . 
"just coming and never ending is amazing ,  and we ' re not amazed . "
"as numerous analysts have pointed out ,  china isn ' t the soviet union . "
that ' s not a risk i ' m willing to take . 
"what about the popular accounts that insist ,  awe  -  struck ,  that even genghis khan was humbled by the afghans ? "
"so ,  cabot tells me you got my ticket to the correspondents dinner . "
two things you should know about my boss : 
"company email shall not be used for private ,  recreational ,  or any other non  -  company  -  related activity . "
they ' re the ones who don ' t care what you think . 
"but angels have normal - sized bodies and cherubs and putti are often given additional weight ,  portrayed as chubby babies with tiny wings . "
better to be a spartan slave than a trojan .  .  . 
the state data that an object must hold to implement those operations is usually irrelevant this early in the design process . 
since 2011 syria has been torn apart by a civil war . 
"yeah ,  i use the tools i have at hand . "
"that ' s exactly why you pay lenny ,  understood ? "
we ' re not allowed to have dogs in my appartment . 
the review about the recent research results and the development status of grain refiner is presented . 
"with fascinating footage and stories ,  documentaries encourage us to think about interesting issues we wouldn’t necessarily know about . "
it can use that to derive a pattern of locomotion . 
did you see which way he went ? 
"chinese consumers are taking up a fight with the beijing government after authorities shut down a web service that helped patients make free hospital appointments online ,  in another example of consumer discontent with government controls . "
"private previews of the car start next month ,  but look for the live public debut next march at the geneva motor show .  i ' m not typically the bullish type ,  but if hurácan handles anything like its predecessor ,  we ' ll get along just fine . "
"hey ,  come on ,  leave some for the rest of us ,   ( sara sobbing ) "
"this is a little bit earlier version of it , "
"according to a statement ,  the event will bring together customers of the erj 145 and e - jets aircraft in the country ,  as well as guests from the civil aviation administration of china ( caac ) –and several embraer suppliers . "
bladder infection  ? one of the best ways to treat a bladder infection such as cystitis is with cranberry concentrate . 
you learn a lot watching things eat . 
can you see how happy i am ? 
"citing unidentified sources ,  the angolan newspaper said the two airlines were selected by the sao tome government from 11 bidders including angola ' s air gemini ,  escom of the espirito santo group and various other private investors who were all ruled out due to lack of relevant experience . "
"it ' s the best mean ,  but i give it zero as a goal . "
"the lawyer nib his pen ,  spread out his paper ,  and prepared to write . "
"another japanese city ,  osaka ,  came third ,  the russian capital moscow in fourth ,  and geneva fifth . "
"in this paper ,  influence of parameters ,  such as interval between testing points ,  vertical load and bond of mortar ,  on the rebound value of the testing brick is analysed . "
here are 10 wise lessons that i wish i knew when i was younger : 
"of course ,  it ' s in minor and the voices will come in ,  but the bass is going ,  sort of plodding along in a basic duple but with a triple subdivision underneath of that . "
muscovites have always resented the crafty georgians minting money out of them by selling commodities they need .  but the prospect of no supplies at all is even worse . 
" "" i think the policies are a good step towards finding common ground with the european union ,  which is i think a vision that all greeks should aspire to ,  ""  a bystander told reporters . "
"so ,  the favourites ,  stranz and fairchild van waldenberg now taking the ice . "
"5 .   "" the new manager is a real jerk .  ""  snarking about the boss is rarely good for your career .  even if others join in ,  your comments may get back to your manager .  and even if they don ' t ,  you don ' t want to become known as a wellspring of negativity . "
"secondly ,  we study the adsorption and diffusion of oxygen atom on pd surfaces . "
"the venezuelan leader has previously described his treatment as successful ,  but correspondents say secrecy about the exact nature of his cancer has fuelled speculation that his illness may be worse than officially stated . "
the only way in is through access panels . 
volatile substances usually strike the bloodhound ' s nose as an entire constellation of distinctive scents . 
"that ' s me ,  the copilot ,  and one of the air stewardesses is a recording . "
"gdp growth was negative off and on between 2001 and 2008 ,  and by the end of that period ,  inflation had hit a rate of tens of thousands of percent . "
"the construction of water resources management system should be guided by the water rights and water market therory , and beginning with the initial water rights allocation , to reform and improve the water resouces management system , set up the water management system suitable to water rights controlling index and the non -  gratuitous transferable system for water rights . "
he is the most beautiful baby brother . 
"portuguese construction company teixeira duarte ,  which also runs hotels in the city ' s of maputo and beira ,  is building a bridge over the river limpopo ,  a project which is valued at 11 million euros ,  as well as undertaking other construction projects in mozambique . "
he asked me to pep his drink up with something stronger . 
the right wrench for valve operation also makes the operator ' s job easier and safer . 
to make it possible for all of us to see
no one can cut the stem of our love . 
"this is a predatory mite  -  -  just as small as a spider mite ,  by the way , "
we learn ?  then we learned we had to go bigger .  and
"requirements for dynamic architecture ,  flexible configuration and mobility of the synchronous computer supported collaborative design system are analyzed a formalized model of the system is presented by using multi agent ,  pi calculus and petri net approaches based on pi calculus operating semantics ,  dynamic behaviors of the system are guaranteed based on petri net theory ,  fair and no deadlock floor control of the system with multilevel and multi resource applications are realized"
it may not be as fun as it used to be  -  -  but that has the greatest chance of making you feel better . 
"proxy support is provided for clustering ,  high availability ,  and affinity mapping ,  analogous to the traditional edge component support for html requests . "
"row after row after row from the ring ,  the crowd is standing and cheering ,  as he just cannonaded jake la motta"
"well ,  i kind of don ' t know what to do . "
"tim cook ,  co - leader of its information officers practice ,  finds the software useful for looking at a candidate’s job history but says it can never be a complete substitute for a recruiter’s own market insight . "
our team even won the east african cup . 
"and what i thought i would call it is  "" early detection ,  "" "
" "" if you marry a monk who owns a temple ,  as opposed to marrying a businessman ,  you do not need to worry about your husband being laid off as a result of his company ' srestructuring ,  ""  she said . "
he said i was disturbing the peace . 
was she the owner of this house that you camp in front of ? 
"in true love ,  there is no evil"
"a good many women in the business world are uncertain about the appropriate mixture of  "" masculine ""  and  "" feminine ""  attributes they should convey by their professional clothing . "
"sometimes you have to take another test when you move to a different state ,  but not always . "
and this just didn ' t work until we could cross this line that says high - definition . 
the first thing we usually do when someone disagrees with us
you know .  it ' s not just simply relegated to a kind of 2d panning and motion . 
oh a kiss is still a kiss in casablanca . 
he was interested in buying the pocket book of ogden nash but claimed it was over priced at 35 cents . 
"stop the greetings , and come on over here . "
"our usual terms of payment are by confirmed ,  irrevocable letter of credit in our favour ,  reaching us one month ahead of shipment . "
"israel is conducting a five - day home - front security drill to prepare for the possibility of a major terrorist attack ,  war or natural disaster .  schools ,  hospitals and government offices are involved in the drill ,  which includes preparation for a missile attack with nuclear ,  chemical or biological warheads . "
"there are plenty of mediocre employees who get promoted because they ' re good at letting the bosses know how good they are at their jobs ,  says ms .  klaus . "
but then we brought the tools of molecular biology to this
and before i tell you about how it is that we think that happens
"but after all ,  we do walk like  -  -  i mean ,  we oscillate back and forth as we walk . "
i don ' t give a fuck if it ' s your cousin . 
now what do you say to that ? 
you ' ve had her for yourself long enough . 
for every high priest is ordained to offer gifts and sacrifices :  wherefore it is of necessity that this man have somewhat also to offer . 
but the fighting will continue until general grievous is spare parts . 
did you see it when it opened originally ? 
"during january parliamentary elections ,  zarqawi ,  who opposes iraq ' s political process because he believes it is un - islamic ,  said that it carried out at least nine suicide bombings at or near polling sites . "
in that war england was not an ally ;  she was neutral . 
"because enterprise is the main part of market economy ,  the business credit is the core and base of administering credit risk . "
" "" people all took these students pub hustlers for cheaters ,  but i think it ' s a true sign of desperation ,  ""  wang said . "
"since the early age ,  they absorb the values of collectivism . "
"norm sterzenbach ,  who directs the caucuses for the democratic party in iowa ,  tells voa that delegates chosen at these meetings ,  for both parties ,  are not technically bound ,  but they usually do stick with their candidate all the way through the process . "
"i never use a single worm on the hook ,  prefer a cocktail of worm and maggot"
who say they ' d like to move permanently someplace else right now . 
"oh ,  come on ,  deep down ,  he must be nice . "
"and an insane person does not know what an impossible task is .  ""  thank you . "
do you have a prick ?  i need a prick ? 
that keeps me connected back home and is one of the real mental pick - me - ups i have out here . 
91 percent of american women and 86 percent of american men
it ' s very cheap .  we have a lot of leverage . 
"but very soon ,  i found myself from the southern part of africa , "
such an instrument can also measure the clarity or cloudiness of a liquid depending on the amount of light the liquid lets pass . 
"not you ,  but ,  you know ,  everybody else . "
the rates range from  $ 1  ( 65p )  a kilogram – for the weight of the traveler and their baggage – on the airline ' s shortest domestic route to about  $ 4 . 16 per kilogram for travel from samoa to the neighboring nation of american samoa . 
texas governor rick perry says private companies that supply power to the houston area are making progress in restoring electric lines . 
for this purpose all community vessels would need to install satellite trackers directly linked to angola ' s fishing regulator . 
"“the associations will also provide support to brazilian companies in contacts with chinese companies and the legal processes to carry out business ,  as well as formal communication of a new image of chinese products to the public ,  mainly in relation to quality and safety . ”"
the differences in economic wellbeing and the dependency on foreign aid vary greatly between countries . 
"instead of losing ,  she blazes past the lead pack and wins , "
"if they want ,  they can call the granny cloud . "
the questioner is interested in you ;  he does not mean to be impolite . 
there must be dissension among the greeks . 
"the result was a shooting spree in which over 2 , 500 people died in three months . "
and it goes into the oven  -  -  stage 10 . 
"you ' re like ,   "" i love the shoes .   "" "
he ' s also experiencing pain in his fingers . 
"but for reasons that go beyond the scope of this note ,  i strongly believe that the use of government credit must be temporary . "
"the theories of behaviourism ,  cognitivism ,  and constructivism provide an effect view of learning in many environments . "
"a :  no .  despite his occasionally erratic behavior ,  the outgoing microsoft ceo has not been linked to any kind of drug use . "
that linus pauling ' s going to move on to dna . 
look after herand mind your own business . 
"the rescue success rate of patients drown in sea water can be improved by keeping air way open on the scene ,  cleaning sand ,  grass and vomit from patient ' ss mouth and nasal cavity ,  removing water ,  using 706 plasm or dextran instead of saline which causes the condensation of blood ,  good psychological nursing on the spot and emphasizing the combined injury caused by wave ' ss striking and transportation transfer emergency nursing . "
"the great monkey wrench in that theory was the common gray squirrel ,  which lives an amazing two decades ,  yet also expresses telomerase in great quantity . "
that artist choice is the key for new technology
the bar stayed open late and some people were still whooping it up after midnight . 
the musicians keyed their instruments just before the concert began . 
"but ,  i’m not really sure how to talk about them . "
make sure you iearn fencing and squash . 
"to watch these films together ,  this could be an incredible day . "
they show finger marks on both arms . 
"even though peace talks with the hard line islamist seem unlikely to succeed ,  politicians from the west africa bloc known as ecowas still hope to dialogue can rescue mali . "
"and then ,  they started eating each other . "
"anyway ,  i just thought i ' d call .  .  .  and check up on you ,  man . "
all of these reactions are indications of too much acetylcholine activity . 
labor unions are weighing in with television acts .  “how do we move our country forward and reduce the deficit ? 
"time for a little pep talk here .  the truth of the matter is that while it may feel like it ,  you don ' t screw up anymore than anyone else .  cut yourself some slack ;  you are as human as the rest of us and you need to remember that mistakes are part of life .  time to stop comparing yourself with others and live your best life . "
and he came on the back of a whale .  .  .  a man to lead a new people . 
i passed it with flying colors !  they hired me on the spot . 
"test results indicated that processing conditions of depositing temperature , h 2 / mts mole rate ,  and impregnant formula , have a significant influence on microstructure and properties and operating cycle of the composites .  the composites fabricated by the optimized processing have a short produce cycle and improved properties of density of more than 2 . 0 g / cm 3 , flexural strength of 643 mpa , sheer strength of 63 . 7 mpa and fracture toughness of 17 . 9 mpa·m 1 / 2 . "
"when the village needs money from outside to finance their production ,  unless there is a better system to extend credit to the peasants ,  absentee - landlordism and usury are the natural products . "
and in the spirit of each there is a bower for my spirit . 
mature sperm can wait up to two weeks in a holding area called the epididymis before they make their debut . 
" "" i ' ll go to hell ,  ""  bill says ,  and instantly he is whisked away into hell ,  where he is immersed in a vat of boiling oil as flames and smoke fill the air . "
we saw a movie today and it was nothing to write home about .  it was just a typical action movie . 
juventus held talks with lazio yesterday morning over the future of cesar . 
"we asked meditators ,  who have been doing that for years and years and years , "
we do not see education as merely the road to riches . 
"but i think ,  to give you a hypothesis ,  the best guess"
check out some things to do without technology in the slideshow below . 
we wouldn ' t be able to look at the world around us . 
"and so ,  they ' ve finally given you an assignment . "
who is the man ?  his name is mr .  blaise .  he is mrs .  blaise ' s husband . 
"estimates point to at least 15 , 000 visitors to last year ' s fair . "
now i see why you were in such a hurry . 
"current law calls for an automatic cut of 30 percent in medicare payments to doctors starting next year ,  the result of a previous budget control law gone awry . "
so i decided to do this experiment with people . 
"allspice is the dried ,  unripened fruit of a small evergreen tree ,  the pimenta dioica . "
"general jackson faced three large union forces in and around the shenandoah valley .  yet he struck hard and fast ,  and soon had control of the valley ' s main towns . "
"the government is too strong and oppressive ,  as in north korea . "
leave real living to people who are able for it . 
（people）had always had the impression that sex was sin…here it was edueated without any hugger -  mugger or snickling . 
"another word for shenanigan would be a “prank”  ( prank )  ,  where somebody does something that’s supposed to be funny ,  often in public . "
these challenges range from the limitations of existing systems and infrastructure to the challenges of the selected solution architecture . 
we will make you a compensation of 6 %  and give you some preferential terms later on . 
the knowledge of their sacrifice will keep us forever vigilant against those who would do us harm . 
"he said new tax offices are to be opened in maputo in the districts of sommerschield ,  benfica and alto mae . "
doctors had a hard time finding out why people were dying . 
graduation is this cold stamping die design issues for the next cover incision bending dies die processes by bevelled punching and bending components . 
upon his demise his house passed to his son . 
"ju yung :  regular total tea sales are increasing ,  but only by a percent or two . "
"portugal faces a final vote in parliament today on its 2011 spending plan ,  which includes measures to pare its deficit . "
"now there ' s a whole range of different sorts of non - lethal weapons , "
we ' il be doing the exact same thing . 
the firewood was so wet that we couldn ' t get it alight . 
"iwc monitors would be placed aboard every vessel to document the kill and take dna samples ,  so the meat can be traced . "
estimate that the average person in the developing world in 2100
"chen :  yes ,  definitely .  definitely .  i have to say that ,  you know ,  everything was mutual .  it was all consensual ,  all consensual . "
this is about the time that isaac newton was starting to whip out
i ' m going to be leading you through a series of meditation exercises . 
"regardless ,  i just wished there was some way i could know that he was okay , "
"a separation in the boundary layer of fluid about a moving streamlined body ,  such as the wing of an airplane ,  causing a breakdown in the smooth flow of fluid and resulting in turbulence . "
antiquated zoning and land - use regulations are still used to this day
every family has one person who keeps the genealogy in check . 
"the quality problems existing in the plastics / steel doors  &  windows are analysized .  in order to improve the quality of plastics / steel doors  &  windows and create conditions for popularization and application ,  it is pointed out that the efforts should be concentrated on various links including the profile quality ,  the quality of piecing together ,  design  &  shape selection ,  installment and construction ,  quality supervision and so on . "
" ' you can influence mental health by what you do with your face ,  whether you smile more or frown less ,  '  says eric finzi ,  a dermatologic surgeon and co - author of the study on frowning . "
and so i came up with the idea of the living self - portrait series . 
"then ,  in october nineteen sixty - nine ,  he ordered the withdrawal of sixty thousand troops . "
"and inside the fence in case no one got the point an abrams battle tank ,  another soldier manning the .  50 caliber from the open turret . "
"recite ,  therefore ,  as much as may be easy . "
"the judge ,  denise lind ,  an army colonel ,  delivered the verdict in a hearing on tuesday that lasted only a few minutes .  she did not give reasons but said a sentencing hearing would commence on wednesday . "
i took a shit and my shit looked like a fucking stuffed animal ! 
ph ?  nix is leading the league .  what are you thoughts about this team ? 
and the poem would barrel through her and she would miss it
"all is ordered ,  all is beautiful ,  all the people and animals"
"i thought i could handle it ,  but i can ' t . "
i can ' t -  do you love your kids ? 
i ' m applying for a summer internship at brewster keegan . 
the boy coaxed a song from the little girl . 
"if you didn ' t lose somebody today ,  your focus is going to be"
it might be the times when it is most urgent . 
as a pedagogical medium .  but not as teaching machines at all ; 
"america prevailed over germany ,  japan and the soviet union ,  which had imperial ambitions . "
"or get together the eggs and lemon juice and make them ,  but you get the idea . "
"what has appachan done ?  appachan ,  unfortunately ,  is no more , "
in the military arsenal .  who would screw around with an army
"you know ,  we capture this imagery but to build the 3 - d models"
"well ,  all the hair got singed off my head . "
i think you have us confusedwith some other people . 
objective to report the breakage of protein and ammo acid in adulterate pangolin . 
"dr .  margaret chan ,  the director - general of the world health organization ,  says with this report ,  countries will no longer be able to ignore the impact of tobacco use on public health . "
"what may have seemed like an okay distance to travel for a job interview may begin to wear thin when you have to make that trip twice a day ,  five days a week ,  in rush hour traffic . "
"brenda ,  i need a bed and a nurse for a lumbar puncture . "
is doing the edge recognition and also the color recognition
that he talked the largest casino owner in linz
"the division between the people who think short term and long term will be terrible , "
"with its mix of snowy peaks ,  pristine rain forest and network of virgin national parks ,  chile is emerging as one of the world ' s adventure hot spots and now has a spate of rugged luxury lodges in which adventure - seekers can stay . "
based on andrzej mularczyk ' s novel post mortem
i ' ve spent whole days thinking about that one thing . 
and i ' d like to describe some of the results that we have found . 
"article104 the functionaries of the state or the agencies in charge of social insurance funds who misappropriate the social insurance funds ,  shall be investigated for criminal responsibilities according to law if a crime is constituted . "
"do not blame him cold and withdrawn ,  it is his own barren soul salve the only way . "
l  -  1 .  conclusion :  chitosan may decrease the tnf induced adhesion reaction of raec with mc . 
"according to luo ,  mhag minera ção will formally begin its cooperation with china in 2008 ,  supplying chinese steel makers with 30 million tons of iron ore per year . "
"so ,  how do you get you and your company on board the data  -  mining bandwagon ? "
"tears welled in her eyes when she talked about the incident ' s impact on her and her family ,  and again when she recounted the solace and support she got from friends . "
itseems an apposite request given that spader ' s name is synonymous with sex – onfilm anyway . 
i don ' t even know how to play golf . 
a few tasty combinations :  cheddar and apples  ( sprinkle the apples with lemon juice to prevent them from turning brown )  ;  watermelon and feta ;  ripe figs and blue cheese ;  tomatoes and mozzarella ;  or ricotta and grapes . 
it is guided to its destination by radio and radar control . 
i can ' t even tell you how much i appreciate .  .  .  the opportunity to meet with you . 
this is the greatest battle the world will ever know . 
the rescue is the second and largest for greece since its debt crisis began in two thousand nine . 
"i tried to help matias ,  but he couldn ' t stand the humiliation . "
"in other words ,  if i tell anyone else about mike and sue ,  i mustn’t tell them i heard it from jane .  here she is again . "
the fighter plane was in a bank when the missile struck . 
"at the same time ,  officials acknowledge it is difficult to educate the public about copyright protection .  shu chao ,  deputy director general of the national copyright administration ,  says china needs more time . "
from the test result it can be seen that the basic performance of hawker vrla is good and the requirement for the electric moped can be satisfied . 
"no ,  this is not a love story . "
thinking poorly about ourselves gets us nowhere and is extremely self - limiting . 
we were all out of our gourds . 
"although i hope ,  that you it does not have use . "
"that needs power ,  as well as frequent changes of the filter element as the pores fill up with bugs . "
"for example ,  when a woman is giving birth ,  she might request an epidural anesthesia . "
airlines lost billions in revenues ;  stranded passengers lost tempers and sleep ;  kenyan flowers lost their bloom and the celebrity dannii minogue lost her new maternity clothes that were being flown in from hong kong . 
"cicc2462 is glucoamylase producer which being used commonly by enzyme preparation corporations .  as yet ,  however ,  the denomination of this strain has not been provided for its unique character of non - spore . "
cosmopolitan genus of ferns :  maidenhair ferns ;  in some classification systems placed in family polypodiaceae or adiantaceae . 
and the epitome was when i literally marched into the streets
"we got together about 9 : 40 am at glv ,  later at zhuhai haibin  ( seashore )  park near 10 : 00 am . "
"the results showed that alfalfa could grow in this region for 10 years , being most flourishing at the forth and fifth year , but declined gradually because of the excessive depletion of soil water . "
"well ,  i think we have only to step outside of this building to see how this city has transformed not only the area here but ,  indeed ,  the whole image of china in the world . "
they say that a rat a day keeps the plague away . 
"i was done ,  but i came back . "
she says the third graders have also learned to read the sugar and fat content listed on food packages . 
it angers me that people would fabricate a story like that . 
i was looking for youand was sure he was here . 
we need to keep some cleanup crews around afterwards . 
the hedge of stones is much stronger than a wood hedge . 
a man is not finished when he is defeated .  he is finished when he quits . 
imagine a very popular person in the social network  -  - 
it ' s the amount of time that you invest that determines the relationship . 
"when the boom ran out ,  shortly after the turn of the century ,  the finance houses that had grown rich on the back of it set about the search for new profits . "
"others check out women to see if they are thinner than them ,  while trying to spot dark orunflatteringhair roots is also commonplace ,  while looking out for wedding rings is also on the checklist . "
"from 198to 1996 ,  female children ,  aged to years ,  who presented with a variety of urinary symptoms were found to have adhesion of the labia minora . "
and i was shocked learning how much of my life
two years i spent setting up that elevatorjob . 
"we all know how much you like to say  "" i told you so .  "" "
the selection of metatarsus length of mini - meat birds can be moved up to 4 - week .  
"i broke it off with that person ,  but my identity had already been revealed . "
"complicating matters ,  mothers assume a disproportionate number of time - sensitive domestic tasks ,  whether it ' s getting their toddlers dressed for school or their 12 - year - olds off to swim practice .  their daily routine is speckled with what sociologists annette lareau and elliot weininger call  ' pressure points ,  '  or nonnegotiable demands that make their lives ,  as the authors put it ,   ' more frenetic .  ' "
the situation in the northeast is deteriorating quickly . 
rescuers can be not only alerted by the banging but also guided precisely to the scene . 
"well ,  this is a deep - sea version of women ' s lib . "
"now ,  hugo ,  you and your partner have made millions on this . "
"caring for our own life is easy .  but what about the lives of others ?  yangchen xiuyi ' s experience of being part of the campus drama group taught her to understand others .  the 20 - year - old is a music major at beijing normal university .  her most memorable acting experience is of her freshman year ,  when she played the role of suzon in 8 women . "
finds the resource with the specified name on the url search path . 
it also reduces the risk of debris being ingested by the engines and causing damage . 
could you tell me where i am ? 
"hand - written ,  they are signed  "" best ,  jack ,  ""   "" your jack ""  and  "" all love ,  jack ""  and document a long - distance affair that stretched over years . "
this is to confirm that we are pleased to offer you the position of nlp engineer  ( internship )  . 
"and in return ,  we just tried to kill them all the time . "
"it also gives an explanation on the primitive motive on m  &  a ,  i . e .  pursuing maximum profit and minimum competitive pressure ,  which ,  at the same time ,  generates the relevant effects :  finance synergy ,  management synergy ,  market share effect ,  enterprise development effect ,  and strategy transit effect . "
this is room 1 221  -  -  my 1 221 . 
created one of the most efficient bus mass - transit systems in the entire world . 
"the analysis results show that the pile space has a pronounced effect on soil arching .  when the pile space is at a certain limiting value , the arching effect becomes apparent and the existence of passive piles can block the soil to deform in the lateral direction . "
put up one russian flag and one of ours .  .   . 
"china ' s labour market ,  like the country ,  is diverse .  electronics companies have no worker shortages .  in fujian province ,  tpv technology ,  a television manufacturer that last year bought philips ' s hdtv business ,  says hiring is on track . "
"it locate between tajikistan ,  kyrgyzstan .  .  .  and assholes uzbekistan . "
"sao paulo ,  brazil ,  15 june–the 3rd international conference on the presence of china in latin america ,  promoted by the brazil - china business council ,  is due on 30 june in sao paulo to bring together world specialists on this issue . "
they ' re picking up a giant floppy disk made of cardboard . 
"according to ling ,  the competition aims at offering more opportunities to college juniors .  so students won’t be tested much on their professional skills and knowledge . "
"goma itself was a black and grey place ,  a town built on volcanic basalt tough as broken glass through which green shoots struggled to grow . "
they were nevertheless so foolish that they entertained the delusion that it is possible to reason with demented persons . 
"from 200on ,  the taipei chinese orchestra ,  following its premiere of the “vintage zither art festival” revolving around ethnic instruments garnering widespread acclaims ,  has continued to debut the erhu festival ,  winds festival ,  plucked stringed instruments festival ,  which have become the scheduled yearly gala events for music enthusiasts partial to ethnic music ,  and this year the orchestra is again premiering the wind  & percussion instruments festival . "
had twice the impact on these last couple of viruses
"more importantly ,  that danger will not be reduced by early withdrawal of stimulus . "
we ' re goin '  for the price on wilson .  ' 
"“to catch your flight” means to get on the plane  -  to go to your airplane so you can be on the flight ,  or trip ,  that your airplane will take . "
you won ' t make a simple phone call ? 
he who laughs at crooked men should need walk very straight . 
it turns out they ' re actually in hollywood bowl in los angeles
didn ' t you forsake all your relatives when you swore the thieves code ? 
i ' veplaced only enough .  .  .  charges to safely bury the weapons lab . 
so we have now found the weapon of mass protection . 
"what ,  you mean ,  like an astronaut or something ? "
"i never thought he ' d last this long ,  how could he just keel over ? "
"you ' re so concerned with stuff ,  like  "" don ' t get them vaccinated . "
"a bilateral trade agreement ,  however ,  will only likely be reached in the first quarter of 2008 ,  when the chinese - brazilian high level commission for coordination ( cosban )  ,  headed by the vice - presidents of both countries ,  meets in brazil . "
"however ,  it also became clear that differences in culture are not black and white ,  east or west . "
"speaking to her supporters ,  clinton celebrated her lopsided win in kentucky and promised that she will stay in the race . "
"no ,  never .  but we have a lot of rain in spring . "
the invaders killed off all the inhabitants of the village . 
"you see ,  technology is a way to evolve the evolution . "
i see through the lies of the jedi . 
"a detailed study into 12 aspects of modern life found men experience higher levels of happiness in seven of them ,  including salary ,  appearance and body shape . "
"the nests were often the scene of lively ,  off  -  duty parties . "
"but drew the teaching to sink into along with the time ' s development , china serious of predicament , need to have the man of the earnest deliberation urgently with study , look for its developmental road . "
"clearly ,  the assets in that fund were not -  - "
"but they ' ll sell it to japan and china instead , "
you can ' t be friends with a bug . 
jessup has testified before congress and her efforts have been recognized by a number of organizations . 
several people were found lying dead in the street during the big freeze last winter . 
"the city then about 1 , 300 acres of riverfront land the expo . "
could you please not leaving me behind again ? 
"but it is not yet clear how many readers will make the switch .  and for publishers without an app ,  tablet users are just like other web users :  worth very little money . "
"dnrx ,  encoded by dnrx gene ,  catalyze dnr to acid  -  sensitive baumycin  -  like substances . "
temperature change and power deposition analysis of ht - 7 tokamak limiter during long pulse plasma discharge
a patient will usually listen to the doctor ' s advice and act on it . 
the taliban are not the only enemy along the fraught borderlands of the afghan war . 
"american ,  french ,  italian or brazilian women were more responsive to  "" you dress beautifully ""  .  brits preferred praise for their legs ,  spaniards responded to compliments about their hair ,  while germans and canadians preferred skin praise .  dutch and portuguese women liked :   "" you have beautiful ears .  "" "
"the art will be on display in a secret room at leeds art exhibition ,  which opens at the grammar school ,  leeds on thursday ,  october 23 .  the week - long bidding ,  which takes place on ebay ,  will also open on that day . "
"this is why rational people ,  anti - religionists ,  must end their timidity and come out of the closet and assert themselves . "
we ' re excited about where we are and a lot of things we want to do . 
what ' s the big deal ?  why is everyone crowded around here ?  it ' s nothing special . 
"daddy ,  it ' s not as bad as it looks . "
"any good heavily  - used program needs good reference documentation ,  and bash is no exception . "
"the number of people who refer to themselves asdiaosihas continued to grow ,  and it is slowly transforming into adescriptorof the ordinary chinese citizen who faces everyday struggles and hardships . "
a nonlinear theoretical model for two  -  cavity gyroklystron is established .  the analytic method on the beam  -  wave interaction in input cavity and output cavity is studied . 
what this is saying is that the purpose of influence is to speak up
"and then , uh , they fall on top of me . "
"actually i prefer the term  "" couples counselor ""  . "
"i am going to go in .  .  .  uh ,  maybe play a game ,  await a phone call .  .  .  and ,  uh— i don ' t know— try not to think about how little sleep i ' m probably gonna get . "
"furthermore ,  agribusiness has focused its efforts on the main food crops ,  where the largest profits are to be made . "
conclusion the organic extracts of chlorinated drinking water revealed potential reproductive toxicity . 
and we see it all over the place as well now . 
to polish off my work i have tuned up the saturation of the cloud  -  shadows in the front and gave them slight tone of yellow  -  green colour . 
the embraer 190 went into service in china last may for airline grand china express and this is the first time eoc china will include both erj 145s and e - jets . 
"we found oil for the country for the next hundred years ?  "" "
"google needs to address a number of issues related to the operating system ' s security ,  usability and accessibility to continue to gain ground in the mobile market . "
the speedometer showed that we were doing 50 miles per hour . 
"this has enormous advantages :  you can automatically generate release notes ,  assist testers in determining the necessary set of regression tests to run after the nightly build ,  and so on . "
"instead ,  he used you to try to save himself . "
with a million and a half articles in 200 languages in just a couple of years . 
that ' s why i could never be a parent . 
on thursday the national security council held a long and confused session . 
"do not take me evil ,  that i must ask it .  .  .  but what are you ? "
we ' il straighten out the problem with the aggregate . 
a committee was set up to look into the workers '  grievances . 
"see ,  he jumps .  you can see what stress it must have . "
"what percentage of current audiovisual ma­terial will survive ,  even in just a fleeting appearance on the web ? "
3 .  you judge others '  behavior as right or wrong and passive - aggressively withhold attention until they fall in line with your expectations . 
"with the introduction of ethernet controller rtl 8910 as ,  the initializing ,  data sending and data receiving programs were deployed . "
"in this case ,  the rm generally does most of the work to commit or roll back the transaction . "
and cancer clusters are just like that . 
" "" voting is a right ,  it is a right .  people need to realize that it is not a privilege .  we should come together and just take advantage of this right we have been given and people have worked so hard to give us ,  ""  said dungey . "
"the unilateral ceasefire with no apparent conditions attached will last two months ,  and it ' s the first of its kind in a decade . "
the biggest one was in 1975 by chase econometrics . 
we will not have to employ them for digging earth and breaking stones . 
nowadays there are many creative students like gao who make an effort to change their living environment . 
"terms of the partnership -  - including any equity interest held by mr .  beckham -  - weren ' t disclosed but diageo said the former soccer star would help developing the brand ,  its strategy and positioning . "
she drove across the tournelle bridge and across the busy quays to the latin quarter . 
has left the paintings to the bern art museum in switzerland .  steve evans is in berlin . 
"and as soon as he realized we had a room packed full of laughing infidels , "
"so far as personal and body search is concerned ,  effective measures should ensure that such searches are carried out in a manner consistent with the dignity of the person who is being searched . "
"would it be terribly impolite to suggest that when those who deny that climate change is happening complain of censorship ,  a certain amount of projection is taking place ? "
"but then he held it for a little while ,  lakshmi . "
"yesterday ,  jane had already sent out an email to her staff and management team ,  so now she has to update her copy ,  and then send the updated copy back to her distribution list . "
"alright ,  let ' s go get the prisoner back . "
"you have come to the right place ,  happy bapetsi . "
the new comics focus many of their jokes on the dynamic and over - the - top political arena .  they joke about everything from boring congress sessions to huge foreign conflicts .  they have opened up politics as a new minefield for jokes and material . 
or paper .  and the vast majority of this first computer
"not the things that we don ' t know how to do , "
"we ' re at this extraordinary point where we ' re nearly there , "
the pentagon released the three - page executive summary of the iraqi perspectives project on thursday after reporters complained that the full report ' s release was being delayed .  the pentagon said the delay is a matter of logistics because the report includes several volumes of material . 
are you the one my brother slept with ? 
"nobody else saw this but i found it in a book , "
small bars are abuzz and people pile into huts hooked up to generators to watch football matches . 
"three great civil rights laws ,  medicare ,  aid to education . "
having collected over 10 and a half million feelings now . 
"but in the simple accumulation of gentle ,  soft ,  almost invisible acts of compassion , "
a new method for preparing biomaterial composite coating by means of subsonic flame spraying was investigated . 
what ' s a lot of money over there ? 
"a woman wanted to make a difference with kids .  she wanted to start kid clubs where they could express their creativity without judgment .  she researched location and budget .  what she skipped was seeing what programs existed and then chatting with people about their day on the job .  she ran to open by the summer as it was spring time .  she forgot to sit in her imaginary club and notice what she saw ,  how she felt ,  and what she was doing .  the big ,  big question for embarking on your second career is :  would this give you new meaning in life ? "
a device interface is uniquely identified by a 128  -  bit guid . 
the o ' shea brothers are about to win the championship . 
a reasonable effort is made to stay neat and clean throughout the work period . 
"i’m sure all of you ,  newly arrived in america ,  have already been driven crazy trying to figure out the instructions for ordering a cell phone or connecting your computer ,  or applying for a bank loan or a health insurance policy ,  and you assume that those of us who were born here can understand this stuff . "
"less certain is whether the country can afford to keep building at this pace ,  and whether many of these projects will ever pay off in terms of the economic development they are meant to support . "
and how you darkened it around his head . 
"with a peek into our future ,  natalie keener . "
this is as close as bird ' s eye view i sent before ? 
"she proved to be a great dancer ,  and she showed off her vocals in her ballad songs and live performances . "
david was in a box because his mother wanted him to stay home and his father wanted him to go shopping . 
"i will not make that history of ghosts ,  in agreement ? "
"sometimes you will say to someone who has their food ,  “don ' t wait for me ;  go ahead and eat , ” especially if it ' s something hot . "
and the silk being formed from a spider .  isn ' t that beautiful ? 
"faced with the new reality of the emerging of the new social stratum ,  innovation should made in the party ' s united front work . "
where there are big enough cracks in its armor
in the home to buy what you can buy because you can buy it . 
this machine has lots of knobs on it .  which one starts it ? 
"if they do ,  tell them we took this shit back to the station . "
i was just trying to be nice . 
if you won ' t keep quiet you can get out . 
"as it were ,  from the united nations ,  from the world  -  - "
"there are 10 , 000 species of ants that taxonomists  -  - "
"praetor ,  i have an appointment with the tholian ambassador . "
"large means ,  of course ,  that the bill would be worth a lot of money ,  so a hundred dollar bill is a large bill and one dollar bill is a small bill . "
"his body will be displayed at the kumsusan memorial palace alongside his father ,  kim il - sung . "
could we bring down the lights please ?  thank you . 
"cp :  i got out of mom ' s ,  and i ' m back in school right now . "
it ' s the author of the book we found in kay ' s bag . 
carey heckman teaches in the philosophy and computer science departments at dartmouth . 
that i would spend an entire saturday and do it all at once . 
those fucking firefighters are a bunch of homos . 
"i promise .  –be tough ,  okay ,  baby ?  –hey ,  stacy . "
u . s .  secretary of state hillary clinton is visiting vietnam tuesday to meet with senior officials and discuss boosting trade . 
"among the several women voters we spoke with ,  all supported ms .  bhutto ' s pakistan people ' s party . "
"it is heading torendezvouswith the tiangong - 1 ,  or  "" heavenly palace - 1 ""  that was put into space on september 29 for the country ' s first space docking . "
maybe the cheerleaders call you a scumbag behind your back . 
the planar five bar robot is a typical parallel robot with two  -  dof . 
we were this close to getting laid . 
if you don ' t have a real market print you have to show the last close . 
five years '  working experience in teaching english at a middle school coupled with educational background specialized in english instruction at guangzhou teachers '  college .  ability to listen and sensitivity to the needs of students . 
lens flares also occur anytime a very bright object is recorded but are usually identified as they string out in a line from the sun . 
and dupont has a major program with statoil in norway
"furthermore ,  for more accurate simulation ,  a nonlinear 8 dof vehicle model was used to analyze the step steering response of the rhombic car . "
and this is where i have to query all of you . 
then you will be left with the rather bigger job of devising a story to explain what you have been up to that is not entirely devoid of truth but that avoids the words “bone” and “idle” . 
than the viewers of all major network and cable news shows . 
your attempts at flirting were quite childish . 
your servant kneels before the crown prince . 
each one of these organisms that we ' ve described  -  -  that you ' ve seen
he was mercilessly trounced by his opponent in the house . 
vampire teeth indicate you are relying on other people to provide your self - assurance . 
often some advance arrangements can be made by or for the student to stay a few days with a fellow countryman . 
eg：1 )  they demanded that the agreement be written in black and white . 
a number of these social rules are good and work to keep us in check so we have a relatively smooth running society . 
"very simple geology .  for instance ,  i could open one of my tools here and then"
"burma is seeking to fully link ,  or integrate ,  its economy with its neighbors in the asean economic group by 2015 . "
"monday ' s convention events will feature barack obama ' s life story  -  the story of the son of a black kenyan father and a white american mother from kansas  -  who was born in multicultural hawaii ,  and spent part of his youth in indonesia ,  graduated from top universities and went to work as a community organizer helping the poor in chicago .  but as the democratic candidate told supporters at a barbecue in wisconsin before the convention ,  he will also seek to reassure american voters that he is like them . "
grudges and resentments simply suck energy and time away from you without any positive return . 
the study focuses on the application of the theory of attachment - a key theory in child development and psychology . 
"well ,  there is no width ,  but not in the other direction"
"“so when i interview future employees ,  i do keep in mind looks .  qualifications are basic and the real competitiveness is how you manage to be presentable . ”"
"hot  -  rolled surface ,  annealed and pickled ,  can be used as cold  -  rolling material ,  industial tanks and chem i cal devices . "
"on the face of it ,  its democracy is working as usual . "
"and once you see blood vessels ,  we think we can see the malaria . "
development along the street :  it makes use of the strong aspect of the land along the street to promote the development of the peripheral regions . 
"looking from mode of thinking ,  zhang chengzhi ' s mood is impassioned ,  the view is resolute ,  the thought is bold and unrestrained ,  face the so - calleds extreme in the eyes of others straightly ,  and dare to place oneself in the edge of social culture ,  it is the behavior of the typical heroism to defy culture to criticize . "
they often share interests and think nothing of spending time over coffee or lunch getting to know one another . 
the specimen deforms under a tensile stress applied parallel to the fibres . 
what the boy scout of guangdong education having and losing produced certain reference function to the teenagers '  education of today . 
"since we are not using any in this benchmark ,  the readings are all 0 . "
"such efforts are admirable ,  but not sufficiently widespread to allay the fears of concerned folk such as the creators of pleaserobme .  com . "
pass the advanced gept preliminary and second examinations and the test score up to 80 . 
let me tell you what we think about children . 
that tell us something about what we can do . 
"the expensive shops in a famous near piccadilly were just  "" opening . "
we can ' t waste our days away on the internet . 
"you ' il get your ass shot off down here , "
"economic stagnation in the middle east feeds terrorism ,  not because of poverty but because of a lack of opportunity and hope for a better future ,  especially among the young . "
a common theme in horror stories is of a monstrous creature raised by supernatural power from the
"as energy is supplied to the body at a slower and slower rate ,  dieters gradually become so weak that they can do nothing . "
" "" save a man from drowning ,  you are responsible to him for life .  "" "
"pirates seized a greek  -  owned cargo ship off the coast of somalia late thursday ,  greek authorities said . "
"according to recent studies ,  a caterpillar can sense when a plant is about to unleash its chemical weapons and counter by producing anti - toxins to neutralize the plant’s attack . "
the condition of the u . s economy could be the deciding issue especially in manufacturing - heavy states like ohio where the president defended his economic program . 
so it really doesn ' t look like empire is a great explanation
"i ’ve mulled over these warnings and have converged on what i think are some simple truths ,  from a purely astronomical perspective . "
you won ' t do better than a lord . 
"as part of a national program to encourage increased production and price stability ,  the national grain institute ( incer )  is going to invest 90 million kwanzas ( us $  1 . 01 million )  by the end of the year on three thousand tons of grain to be put on reserve . "
it is a moot point but there is an argument in health and safety law that failing to cancel the match carries an exposure to risk and is a breach of the law . 
"goldman  ( gs )  defenders will point to prior quarters where the division posted large profits for the company ,  including a multi -  billion gain on its icbc shares last year . "
you know what you have to do
do you have any idea what it would be like at work today if i wore that thing ? 
how is it with our small boy ? 
the announcement of the election recount caused a lot of noise . 
"it gives you the price ,  and the location and ratings . "
"every time i ask her to set the date ,  she stalls . "
"in america ,  it ' s like  "" oh ,  my ,  ""   "" gee whiz ,  ""   "" wow .   "" "
"at roughly a kilometer above the surface of mars :  3 , 200 feet . "
if you ' re going to get to some kind of deep reintegration . 
the improvement of fire control system is an important method to heighten the efficiency of aero  -  weapons system . 
she was a small girl with a warm golden tan skin . 
ilana arrived in kibbutz yagur in 1988 with her husband and settle down ever since . 
"to be able to have a couple of square meals a day , "
"the direction of luminiferous evacuation indicator is fixed in complex fire accident scene ,  that is difficult to play safe and effective role in the evacuation instructions . "
"you should act on it yourself ,  and he lived long enough"
"to mark the london olympics ,  the lancet ,  a british medical journal ,  published a series of papers about this problem . "
"two years ago ,  the school made significant curriculum changes to focus more on leadership .  in the overhaul ,  a pair of existing core courses ,  leading people and leadership communications ,  had been restructured to offer additional leadership skills ,  such as the ability to influence others .  and a new course called  "" problem finding ,  problem solving ""  was added to the core to address what the school considers ""  underlying skill sets that are missing in a typical mba education .   "" "
"exports from china to brazil in january totalled us $ 1 . 55 billion–78 . 70 percent more–whilst chinese imports from brazil totalled us $ 1 . 86 billion ,  or 142 percent more . "
"rb :  well ,  there ' s  -  -  i mean there ' s a lot of issues . "
"here ,  i think multiple geographies just means many different places . "
object studying acute toxicity and maximum tolerable dose of astragalus composition f 3 new preparation . 
"in picturesque 19th - century new england of the us ,  the 4 march sisters - tomboyish jo ,  beautiful meg ,  fragile beth ,  and romantic amy - come of age while their father is off to war . "
"there will come a time ,  boy ,  when you ' il wish you ' d never met me . "
and yet when i think of the poverty of society
"countries throughout africa ,  not just nigeria ,  are considering how to answer the exploding demand for admission to universities . "
"how the hell do i do a telephone in three weeks , "
you get locked up for 15 years just for saying that ? 
"when the trash bags come out ,  we army guys are the first to go . "
this was reported in less than 7 %  of all fish oil studies . 
"we would say on their “grave”  ( grave )  ,  which is the name we give the place where someone is buried in a cemetery . "
identifiers are also language neutral and can facilitate sharing across languages and communities . 
it never ceases to amaze me that the candidates that spend the most money on media ads get our vote . 
the scientist couldn ' t relate the phenomena with any theory he knew . 
"here are the results from about 23 , 000 american citizens . "
"can we stop talking about this ,  please ? "
"we talk to our house pets all the time ,  but wouldn’t it be great if your cat could answer you in english ? "
then a german cleaning equipment company offered to foot the bill and train the rangers . 
" ""  # chinese teachers '  salaries are some of the worst in the world #  chinese teachers make more money than the entire universe outside of class ""  ,  wrote user louyisier . "
"when the 3sy - 140 sugarcane leaf shattering working in the field ,  the machine vibrates seriously ,  and the dynamic loads on the bearings of the dynamic cutter shaft is great ,  which makes the bearings be destructed when it works in bad conditions .  in this point ,  some measures should be taken to reduce the vibration and the dynamic loads on the bearings in order to improve resistance of the machine . "
"for example ,  we will able to create heart cells from your skin - derived stem cells and introduce them into your system through the bloodstream . "
"one of the biggest creativity killers on the list comes in the form of self sabotage .  you know it as doubt and lack of confidence .  we doubt ourselves and what we ' re doing ,  thinking that the work we ' re creating isn ' t good enough and by doing this ,  we just beat ourselves further and further into a creative slump . "
she started at the bottom and worked her way up to become manager of the company . 
trouble broke out when loyalists who want stronger ties with britain passed an irish nationalists’ area . 
"for the first time in 15 years ,  he has promised ,  france telecom will expand its workforce . "
"“our committees are continuing to do their work ,  there are a lot of private conversations that are under way , "
"i will be doing lectures at usc ,  and there will be a lot of research by people who are much smarter than i am that will deal with environmental issues ,  economic issues and political - reform issues . "
"so if i don ' t want that receiver to receive the data , "
"but then when that bull stepped on my kidney ,  you know , "
"the source said that the project aimed to build a total 60 accommodation units ,  with 24 units built in na initial phase . "
"1 . nose - to - nose greetingsbetween cats are unusual ,  as it puts both in avulnerableposition . "
"but the thing that really amazed me ,  that i had no idea , "
lin’s geek spirit is always striving toward new goals . 
" ( if you wait 48 hours to hop on the scale ,  your temporary water weight may well disappear by then .  ) "
this is the kind of man president candidate mr s .  r .  nathan is . 
"c )  a great advance was made in standardization of evaluation of water quality and in pre -  vention of disease , d )  the recapture rates of relased mullet calculated by means of tag -  ging were 0 . 03 percent and 0 . 05 percent for 1992 and 1993 respectively . "
"we ,  the party ,  control all records ,  and we control all memories . "
"assuming people were not utterly convinced on an unconscious level that the experiment was for real ,  an alternative explanation is in order . "
this is textbook racial profiling .  .  .  and i ' d be more than happy to call the aclu or the government .  .  . 
"a spokeswoman for liverpool one ,  which commissioned the study of 2 , 000 women ,  said :  ' shopping with friends ,  while sometimes a more costly experience ,  can often be far more enjoyable than going to the high street alone . "
and here we are -  -  one big happy fuckin `  family . 
all i was trying to do was count the numbers of sources . 
so you could grand me a tiny portion of her land ? 
"bowl here ,  i hope that your good has been . "
mao junjie actor to complete her expression as an actor and screenwriter transfer their thinking . 
we guarantee opportunities to hook up with chicks . 
"relax ,  she ' s fucked a lot of old dudes in the ass . "
leave enough room in your sched for the occasional night when you stay home and process the loss of your relationship . 
"in the first place ,  it ' s not so easy to even find your vagina . "
like using a magic rock to make wishes come true . 
" "" i know there are some families that are hurting ,  ""  he said .   "" some are wondering whether or not their loved ones will reappear .  the american people care about the human suffering that is taking place and we send our prayers .  "" "
"this article discusses important to practice main thought of "" three representatives ""  in high education , it brings forward only to drive reform and development in high education , and delegate benefit of most people . "
for me this is like therapy spa . 
bill :  it ' s me bungee jumping off the bridge at victoria falls .  watch . 
"sister ,  have you really considered the seriousness of what you ' re doing ? "
space - themed baby names - perhaps inspired by the publicity around nasa ' s mars curiosity rover - also rose in popularity . 
"tonight ,  we remember journalists such as anthony shadid and marie colvin -  -  who made theultimatesacrifice as they sought to shine a light on some of the most important stories of our time . "
"results : the spermatozoa count as well as the spermatozoa survival in the model group was lower , the spermatozoa morphological changes in the model group were higher and the spermatozoa motility was also lower .  compared with the blank control group , minocin group and zbdhd group , the differences were significant ( p < 0 . 05 )  .  zbdhd could increase the spermatozoa survival rates ,  decrease the rate of the spermatozoa morphological changs and improve the spermatozoa motility . "
even guide me to invent my own skill based on his
"that ' s all right ,   ' cause all we need ' s a little . "
"dressed in their astronaut - like safety gear ,  these mechanics have to ready to cope with any eventuality . "
it was my first thought to pluck forth the dirk ;  but either it stuck too hard or my nerve failed me ;  and i desisted with a violent shudder . 
i forgot those shit happen and brought away by the sea . 
"what i ' d like you to do is ,  just really quickly , "
"on the basis of looking up domestic and foreign literatures and consulting the facts of repairing factory ,  with 495t diesel engine machine as the study object and the fuel delivery advance angle as the study factor ,  this thesis has probed into the effect of the deviation of fuel delivery advance angle in each cylinder on exhaust and other performance of engine . "
they used the channels to pull water back in . 
all i really need is my weed . 
"but really ,  really natural sovereignty was good for japan . "
rhoa still hasn ' t decided which candidate to vote for in michigan ' s february 28 republican primary election . 
"technical support :  powder granulation technologies ,  design and manufacture of spray equipment . "
"relationships have been analysed between lean meat content of the carcass and parameters of its dissection into the main cuts and its measurements in 28 local breed  ( lb ) pigs ,  12foreignbreed  ( fb )  pigs , and crossbred 86 fb×lb pigs and 36 fb×fb×lbpigs . "
"of the total harvest ,  1 . 5 million tons is of maize ,  which corresponds to a rise of 11 percent and is more than the country ' s estimated need for the grain ,  of 1 . 4 million tons . "
"so of course ,  just no record of anything that happened to you at that school ? "
expression of neural ( n )  - cadherin in the process of hippocampal mossy fiber axonal sprouts and synaptogenesis by seizure . 
"so ,  now that i ' ve scared the crap out of you  .  .  . "
i get a bad feeling everytime when going to meet  ' that person '  . 
currently the united states gives pakistan  $ 500 million in non - military aid per year .  so under senator biden ' s proposal that figure would jump to  $ 1 . 5 billion . 
"some of you have little power ,  but come from communities whose rights are violated daily . "
"it should have been .  but not a lot .  not like ,  you know  -  - "
1 .  have a well - diversified portfolio with a strong defensive barrier  ( cash and fixed income )  to carry you through the down years . 
they ' re the most poisonous snakes in the world . 
"moss covered shoes ,  photographs ,  briefcases ,  notes and ripped clothing have all been discovered strewn across the forest floor . "
"an earthquake of magnitude 5 . 1 shook the southeastern suburbs of los angeles on friday ,  causing some damage ,  but no major injuries .   nerves were on edge as smaller aftershocks rumbled through the region . "
that was sars .  and sars is the pandemic that did not occur . 
"she ' s not here ,  and the garbage was never taken out . "
"what does she mean ,   "" tarried too long to savor its joy ?  "" "
the term comes from a segment on the taiwanese tv show university which features miss lin  ( xie yilin )  giving a lecture on how to behave like a fashion queen at parties or on the bus . 
"by simulation training , en - able the pilot know and master the handling sensation when mishap occurs , the charac - teristics of aircraft’s response to the mishap , and the method of how to solve themishap , thus improving the pilot’s ability of coping with failures in emergency condi - tions and prevcnting the possible accident in actual flight . "
our studies confirm that an anticlockwise rotating m _ 2 and aclockwise rotating s _ 2 amphidromic system at the southwest of the sunda shelf . 
"cranberriesa blend of fruit juices ,  including grape ,  cranberry and blackcurrant ,  may have benefits for the heart ,  research suggests . "
so what do foreigners know that the locals don ' t ? 
"all of these changes will lead to a stronger ,  more confident china a china that can astonish and enrich the world ,  a china that your generation will help create . "
"we work closely with the sales team ,  who are in charge of customer accounts . "
proving that the african is capable of governing himself . 
but the most i can do is give my stuff to the fae labs . 
"during four hours of tense negotiations ,  huang discovered that the man was from his hometown , taishan in china ' s southern guangdong province ,  according to the nypd . "
"mr blinder is one of the authors of another popular undergraduate textbook ,  which he is now revising . "
"you know you´re my best man ,  right ? "
i have studied the poker .  i like to gamble . 
"so ,  at best ,  the image is meant to float away"
"reclaim naps not as the refuge of the lazy ,  but as the birthright of every creature able to snooze . "
"the emerging rf mems switch has been key element in the field of low - oss microwave and mm - wave signal control .  mems switches have several advantages over their pin diode or fet counterpart such as low insertion loss、 low power consumption、 high isolation、 excellent compatibility with silicon and high linearity .  because of those significant advantages mentioned above ,  rf mems switch is more and more under focus lately . "
"and the four and twenty elders and the four beasts fell down and worshipped god that sat on the throne ,  saying ,  amen ;  alleluia . "
"but on the axises ,  you can quite easily get any variable you would like to have . "
i ' m gonna go say hi to the kids . 
"it ' s not just what you exclude from your diet , "
you can get a grandstand view of everything here and the spread is marvelous . 
99 .  the committee took note of a report of the secretary - general which stated that eight member states availed themselves of the opportunity of paying the equivalent of  $ 5 . 2 million in seven non - united states dollar currencies acceptable to the organization in 1992 . 
and it is the dhs that makes it possible to know this . 
someone told me you ' re really good with toys . 
but her life is hanging by a thread . 
"in addition to the tractor ,  we have acquired a new rice transplanter . "
"xiaoyu said she was touched by guan ' s help .   "" i wanted to give him money after he helped me but he refused it .  he is a generous person .  "" "
"i feel great ,  i feel really good , ” grizzaffi said . "
"at 8 : 30 a . m .  ,  the tourists boarded two pleasure ships and enjoyed a delightful tour of the winding lijiang river for five hours . "
china ' s current account surplus equals those of germany and japan combined . 
"incredibly ,  the english wild card ,  peter colt ,   [  shouti ng ,  i ndisti nct  ]  has defeated the french open champion to advance to the third round . "
and they would be really irritated and wouldn ' t see what we were up to . 
hotel rooms are a naturally creepy place .  .  .  don ' t you think ? 
setup and tear down are handled automatically by the startup code linked in with the spe program and by the library code running on the ppe ;  you can generally ignore them . 
"the two stars weathered a previous cheating scandal one year earlier ,  when brittney jones ,  22 ,  claimed she had sex with kutcher in july 2010 . "
"oh ,  i hope it can measure up to you ,  right ? "
but the medical professionals do not have an easy sell .  the official said that even her colleagues at the disease - control center are obsessed with the supposed luck a horse year brings . 
"okay ,  now i feel like we ' re playing marco polo . "
reciprocity between microphone and woofer in small rectangular room
"and that ' s what this is ,  my fucking business . "
"and today ,  of course ,  you all know that the most productive nation"
"there are also common projects for the two countries ,  namely in the agricultural and electricity sectors .  the kalweke dam ,  in namibia ,  will electrify the areas of onjiva and xangongo in cunene province ,  and matala ,  gahama and lubango in huila province and the port of namibe ,  all in the south of angola . "
"vassili , the young shepherd from the urals ,  killed his 12th german officer today . "
"at the beginning ,  feng could not understand .  “i felt inferior , ” said feng .  “my classmates’ living conditions were better than mine .  i did not want to mention my mom or what she did . ”"
"the paper added that the sale is part of pt ' s strategy to focus its brazilian activities on mobile phone operator vivo ,  which is a joint venture between pt and spain ' s telefonica . "
"he shot all his bullets ,  but no one hit . "
"an organism ,  often a bacterium or fungus ,  that feeds on and breaks down dead plant or animal matter ,  thus making organic nutrients available to the ecosystem . "
"tiramisu ,  the coffee soaked sponge with cheese and bitter  -  sweet chocolate chips ,  topped with almonds pralines ,  served with strawberry sauce . "
" "" and this is the only way they are really going to know is by seeing this film through the newsreels  .  ' ”"
"yeah ,  now ,  it ' s up to 50 fockers . "
am i hotter than these little bitches ? 
"old man ,  you do not wanna point that weapon at me . "
"all the while ,  japanese electronics companies have been beaten at their own game by deep - pocketed south korean conglomerate samsung electronics co .  hindered by weakened finances and averse to risk - taking ,  japanese companies have relied on impressive but largely incremental improvements  -  -  thinner ,  brighter ,  smaller  -  -  to existing products . "
they mowed the field so as to provide the cattle with fodder . 
because the internet has greatly empowered many of these young people
"as the vessel ' s orchestra played soothing music to calm the passengers ,  women and children were escorted to the limited supply of lifeboats ,  leaving healthy young men to go down with the sinking ship . "
"handle a lot more information than we think we can , "
"if you close your eyes right now in this room , "
you wouldn ' t want to end up in another mess
"so far at least ,  the common fund is involved in the harvest very small . "
"is just a smidge too much responsibility to put on one fragile ,  human psyche . "
" "" what is striking is that six texas cities are in the bottom ten ,  possibly because as a republican stronghold there ' s this complacency that ' s taken hold over the past four years ,  ""  zinczenko said . "
"when i speak ,  i tell my audiences ,   "" as you get out of bed each morning and stumble into the bathroom ,  jump -  start each day with a positive attitude . "
"is that i live in my body a lot ,  and i don ' t live in my head very much anymore . "
"le ngoc thien ,  the chef at one hanoi cat meat restaurant ,  keeps a cat as a pet -  -  but when it is big enough he will cook it and get a new kitten to repeat the cycle . "
does not want continual times to let the identical woman injure . 
"but google has largely been a figure in the background ;  apple hasn ' t sued the company ,  choosing instead to target hardware companies such as samsung and htc corp .  that sell android - based phones . "
"thank you very much ,  chris .  everybody who came up here"
everybody knowsyou ' re the smartest guy in the village . 
in ten seconds she will look at him . 
"i ' m sorry ,  but i think you ' ve mistaken me for someone else . "
but there ' s no alcohol allowedin the studio . 
but the other thing that is humanistic about jawbone
"using 2 - year - old muzao jujube in arid hillside field as test material ,  the result of it’s transpiration rate and transpiration coefficient shows that in arid hillside field ,  loess hills of west shanxi province ,  the transpiration rate of jujube leaf blade in normal year is 0 . 93 μg·s - 1 ·cm - 2 ;  the transpiration coefficient of jujube is 381 . 66 ,  i . e .  the jujube leaf blade in producing 1 gramme dry matter requires 381 . 66 gramme water . "
and while this is anunquestionablefact still this doesn ' t mean that you can ' t make small changes to your life to make it better in few weeks if not in few days ! 
masks for halloween were on sale by the late 19th century . 
"with a factory in sao paulo ,  capable of supplying automation of electricity systems ,  for example ,  as well as an office in salvador ,  the director believes there is a great chance that operations in brazil and argentina will be integrated . "
"during this surgery ,  small tubes are placed in the eardrums to relieve pressure in the middle ear .  the outpatient procedure takes less than 1minutes and is done under light anesthesia . "
because i am able to love and you ' re not ! 
"well ,  he who articulated it ,  particulated it . "
"over the past 20 years ,  we found that most anti - depressants , "
"i ' ll get a lonely ,  little sentence with real error in it , "
"but again ,  it only has to work for a thousandth of a second . "
i didn ' t mean to kill your brother . 
it ' s not safe to travel by standing at the roadside hoping to be picked up by passing motorists . 
"you can make a molecule that looks like this ,  and ,  you know , "
"compare and character ,  the subjective and malign rate of the travel humanness with intended medical treatment is older ,  should investigate criminal duty . "
"excuse me ,  officer ,  let me take a couple of guesses . "
i ' m up in four months for review . 
"indonesia already has more than seven hundred startups online ,  and new ones are launched every week . "
"one of the front of her chest ,  one on the back , "
carbon fiber reinforced cement is a combination of advanced reinforcing materials and traditional architectural materials . 
"by the time i looked up ,  it was completely going off its track ,  and there was just like the rubble from under the tracks like flying like at my face . "
"maybe we flip sides ,  maybe we shop the intel ,  buy stock ,  sell it ,  whatever . "
"thank you for your letter of may 10 , 1992 inquiring about the warranty on our products exported . "
"charlie ,  give me a hand here ! "
he then set up a photographic trap with a motion sensor and an infrared barrier to capture his idea . 
and there was this minister driving down in the dead of night  -  - 
"a real chip off the old block ,  my daughter . "
you can try all you want . 
please complete in block letters and tick the appropriate box (  es )  . 
methods :  to design nasolabial fold axis flap to local shift and repair upper lip defect because of tumour and wound . 
"the paper can be used as a decision - making guideline for constructing mangrove plantations in panyu by the local governments and organizations ,  and at same time ,  can be a reference for spreading mangroves in all areas of pearl river delta . "
"normally ,  the frontline antibodies occupy lung cells to protect the body against future viral invasion through breathing . "
"shehu :  and from there we will be able to , "
i tried not to look at it or frighten it with my curious eyes when feeding them . 
"with at least 270 electoral votes and support of almost 70 percent of votes tallied tonight , "
"in blizzard winds ,  the crew sling ropes between the tents"
and the lord said not that he would blot out the name of israel from under heaven :  but he saved them by the hand of jeroboam the son of joash . 
do you see a future prime minister who shops at paul smith and dunks duchy originals into lapsang souchong ? opt for hugo . 
an eyewitness told the bbc the president who ' d formed the vigilante group repelled an attack by hundreds of militants . 
"booted up in a cell ,  the program would execute , "
i have been looking forward to his visit for a twelvemonth . 
 -  keep a bubble wrap in your desk drawer .  press it and feel your stress disappear with the sound of popping bubbles . 
"they live and look likeenrolled students ,  but they aren ' t . "
and i never got to the us . 
"but even to the trained eye ,  two species of earthworms can be tough to tell apart . "
"fortuneteller ,  what do you see future in a card ? "
i have spent a lot of time there in the last three years . 
"that ' s not reason to quit ,  especially if you have bills to pay . "
mr autor’s data suggest that as many as 10 %  of those losing employment following an import shock obtain social security disability insurance  ( ssdi )  . 
and ever the bats darkened his lanthorn with their wings and tried to beat the flame out . 
a data processing operation in which input items or fields are distributed or duplicated in more than one output item or field . 
why didn ' t you tell me before ? 
and flow looked at artists all born on the continent of africa . 
"everything ' s already changed ,  george ,  and the truth is soon you ' re gonna start getting very sick and you are gonna want someone other than me there . "
now a new tyre could detect when a car is about to skid and switch on safety systems in time to prevent it . 
set up an empty officefor a non - existent company . 
what else would a ghost be scared of ? 
"although he has considerable money invested in the company ,  he has no say in its management . "
"in a few ,  though ,  they had been killed by what looked like viral infection . "
and that the entries don ' t become simply a war
"their makers crossed the red sea ,  trekked across arabia during favourable climate conditions ,  and perhaps went on to settle in asia ,  suggests an international team of scientists . "
the silent rise of cosmetic surgery feels like a b  -  movie in which everyone starts out normal . 
"on the occasion of the new year ,  may my frieand i extend to you and yours our warmest greetings ,  wishing you a happy new year , your career greater success and your family happy . "
how do you address the issue that in today ' s society so many clothes are tailored to fit women who wear a size zero and not a size 12 ? 
"and that i have to understand that there are limits to my energy , "
"a place where you can finally be at rest ,  free from the burdens of life ? "
"no man ,  when he hath lighted a candle ,  putteth it in a secret place ,  neither under a bushel ,  but on a candlestick ,  that they which come in may see the light . "
"of public services like education ,  or health care or policing , "
"no !  we did it for fear that some day your descendants might say to ours ,   ' what do you have to do with the lord ,  the god of israel ? "
"i had my photo id ,  and i was fully trained by my 89 - year - old boss . "
"i mean ,  we have seven months before the baby comes . "
"when my parents bought my sister and i our first nintendo , "
"mr .  lewis zoomed out to ask ,   "" what the heck is going on ?  ""  he placed a call to a former princeton classmate ,  ralph nader .  mr .  nader had long been a consumer rights activist ,  at one point leading a sort of special forces unit nicknamed nader ' s raiders ,  and he had championed proposition 103 .  the message that mr .  lewis heard :  people hate you .  or ,  in other words ,  people simply hated dealing with insurance companies ,  so they revolted ,  screaming with their votes . "
"in the way tintin explores foreign lands and engages with people ,  you might describe him as an exponent of multiculturalism . "
thou shalt not uncover the nakedness of thy father ' s sister :  she is thy father ' s near kinswoman . 
"it ' s just that other than love ,  the most important thing between a daughter and father is trust . "
you got to be fucking kidding me . 
"i ,  who kept everyone safe all these years . "
"it should be not surprise rob pattinson ,  kristen stewart and taylor lautner are three of the richest young actors in hollywood .  the twilight franchise has blown up more than anyone could have ever expected back in 2008 .  rob and kristen both made a reported  $ 25 million for their roles in the breaking dawn films and all three will get a portion of the profits .  taylor made big headlines when he landed  $ 7 . 5 million for his role in abduction . "
"the joysticks simply plugged into tiny din sockets ,  and there was a port for a printer . "
" "" and wouldn ' t it be great if we could somehow see what that is ,  ""  i hear you ask . "
how to change your llfe in 10 days
totally intolerable that we sit here in comfort and in pleasure and enjoying
our boss is not one to take up readily with new ideas . 
charles limb :  this is a plastic midi piano keyboard
" ""  [ it ' s ]  the critical information that ' s missing for managing these systems ,  for conserving them and for developing policy to better utilise the amazon basin as a resource ,  while still protecting what it has in terms of its biological diversity .  "" "
"i mean ,  is there a scale to it ,  at the smallest scale , "
"hemudu double - seasonal water bamboo ,  “zhe da” water bamboo variety has white and smooth appearance ,  neither crinkle nor green with suitable length ;  it is very delicious with sweet taste and rich in nutrition . "
"while websites like ebay are great for general items and secondhand goods ,  the internet now offers a huge variety of specialty stores . "
"another animal study ,  this one performed by researchers in the brain injury research center at the university of california ,  los angeles ,  and published in september in the journal neuroscience ,  showed that if adult rats were allowed to run at will for a week ,  the memory center of their brains afterward contained more bdnf molecules than in sedentary rats ,  and teemed with a new population of precursor molecules that presumably would soon develop into fully functioning bdnf molecules . "
they would make their own rap songs with their own beats . 
"the year after the godfather ,  co - star robert duvall fronted this slightly obscure but thoroughly entertaining thriller ,  based on the novel by donald e .  westlake  ( who also provided the source material for point blank )  .  duvall and joe don  "" mitchell ""  baker play thieves taking on  "" the outfit ,  ""  chicago ' s organized crime syndicate ,  for taking out duvall ' s brother .  like point blank ,  it sounds like a typical revenge thriller ,  but director john flynn executes the story with high style and a snub - nosed toughness . "
the sky this morning is a mosaic of blue and white . 
i can tell by the cold air suddenly whistling in my ear .  another rips a hole through my cape between cracked ribs and numb arm . 
"yeah ,  and i ' m gonna get rid of the other stuff too . "
because all of the light from the galaxy can fall in behind us . 
"once a student has figured out his or her interests ,  they need to examine their abilities and make sure they can handle the study and work assignments in this field . "
"where you ' re going around shooting things ,  very violent games ,  very fast , "
"over the qing ming holiday weekend ,  millions of people flocked to the nation ' s cemeteries to burn paper money ,  arrange dishes of food and deliver trinkets ranging from faux iphones to plastic flower boas as a way to express their devotion to the departed . "
"at the galapagos rift ,  volcanic activity beneath two geologic plates renews the earth ' s crust . "
very early this morning while playing basketball i saw some local guys doing traditional kung fu with a sword .   they were happy to teach the chief some good kung fu moves !  !  ! 
thean introduction on the principle of the kj 90 real  -  time monitoring system for local ventilator . 
objective to look for a substance which can affect specifically the release of anp and adh . 
"shine means to have a bright light on something ,  but shine can also means that you do a good job ,  that you are excellent at what you do ,  or that you are completely awake and ready to do a good job . "
"can i ,  uh .  .  .  kiss you good night ? "
"in the grid ,  in order to make it convenient for users using their credentials safely ,  we must manage the certificates effectively . "
"in the west of america ,  there are many high peeks and deep canyons . "
"if you make us your agent in china ,  we will try our best to push and publicize your products . "
and this isn ' t just important for your own life and your own future .  what you make of your education will decide nothing less than the future of this country . 
and we can only speculate as to what has happened to him . 
"i got cash , and you can keep the change . "
"i ' m not your enemy , and i can get you home ,  but first you must put that weapon down and trust me . "
"when it comes to speaking english ,  she is an ace among aces . "
"i was a member of the astronomy club ,  and i should have known better .  "" "
surfers shun beaches shielded by islands off the coast . 
"just recently ,  a four - thousand - year old gravesite was found within three miles of stonehenge . "
can ' t a bird take a bath without it ending up on the internet ? 
i ' m gonna find him and kill him . 
"but once you ' ve got it ,  your procedure costs do come down . "
they simply want to do whatever they ' ve done before . 
"i wept when i was born ,  ,  and every day shows why . "
jack is still glooming over his coffee at the way he had been tricked . 
" "" in general ,   ""  the site suggests ,   "" eat at places that offer a variety of salads ,  soups ,  and vegetables .  "" "
"and even better ,  we will understand what happened at the big bang"
"even since1991 ,  indian government have been afraid to touch this“ ssi holy cow” for fear of a backlash from the ssi lobby . "
of course you can .  can you find it even earlier than gphin does now ? 
that what these two men were revealing was the secret
and on and on and on .  why did i do that ? 
the arrangement was similar to that of the front panels of a 1950s television set :  a screen on the left and speakers and control on the right . 
"i thought about it ,  and lots of people have bad memories ,  right ? "
there are not many of us left who remember those days . 
and you can look at these pictures over and over again
"buck ,  when exactly did you lose your mind ? "
"a few american colleges provide a free education ,  including the military and merchant marine academies . "
"one day ,  a very noisy animal rushed past where xi was sleeping . "
"they come to dance ,  dine ,  take in outdoor and indoor concerts ,  see ballets and laugh at the comedy . "
anything in here that might pass for after - shave ? 
"as chinese officials may make clear in davos ,  where such expectations are riding high ,  beijing is not ready ,  or willing ,  to take up the leadership role being foisted upon it . "
"i would not want you to make yourself look foolish ,  charles . "
from god our heavenly father a blessed angel came . 
dr .  bray notes that the fructose absorbed from large quantities of regular sugar and from high -  fructose corn syrup is equally harmful . 
you get paid at the end of the week . 
any government is potentially the worst client in the world
"in some circles ,  indeed ,  an ulcer was the badge of a hard  -  working executive :  perhaps not as definitive proof of dedication to the job as a heart attack ,  but a lot less lethal . "
the store was celebrating its 15th anniversary and had authors scheduled to appear throughout the three - day event . 
"if i had half your talent ,  i ' d be delirious . "
"east palace ,  west palace has 3 version ,  stage play script ,  film script and fiction . "
the net result of the long police investigation is that the identity of the killer is still a complete mystery . 
"“the tender ,  which is just one and not two as was the initial idea ,  will be launched soon and have a prize of us $ 68 million for prospecting and the government plans to have the results by december ,  ”said bias . "
she has a low profile .  she is modest .  she has great wisdom but is willing to do the lowly work of a cleaning lady . 
"european leaders have expressed concern as fighting escalated between russia and georgia over southern ossetia ,  and dispatched high - level diplomats to help broker a cease - fire .  pope benedict xvi also called for an immediate end to the hostilities . "
henry jerome was part of the avant - garde ;  his band later brought the bop sound of charlie parker and dizzy gillespie to conventional big  -  band fare by adding a lot of percussion and flash . 
" "" would it be possible to pick up the cleaning any sooner ?  ""  i asked . "
i ' il take that as a yes . 
"well ,  i know i wouldn ' t have been a very good carer ,  but in a way i actually think i ' m quite a good donor . "
"after finding the bottle on the shore at swanage in dorset ,  lorraine yates ignored thepostaladdress and instead tracked the messenger down on the social networking website facebook ,  where they are now listed as each other ' s ' friend '  . "
"in my mind ,  the largest red flag warning for humanity"
"that there were people living in places like the grand canyon , "
standing in front of an audience is a cross between
"haroun tazieff ,  the polish scientist ,  has spent his lifetime studying active volcanoes and deep caves in all parts of the world . "
she is so lucky to have an ear for music . 
"at present ,  the building of compass navigation satellite system is proceeding . "
i ' m  -  -  i ' m dead serious here .  i ' m actually  -  -  this is not a joke . 
"i ' ve tried cantonese ,  hunan and szechwan food and they differ quite considerably . "
"yo ,  cops are outside ,  we ' re holding ,  and i ' m still on probation . "
"i would say ,  on the top of the agenda"
i don ' t understand why that area is so buggered up . 
"woman please report to the produce section ,  boyd . "
"other contributors to the 2010 state budget are the african development bank ( us $ 26 . 6 million )  ,  the european union ( us $ 67 million )  ,  germany ( us $ 21 . 4 million )  ,  the netherlands ( us $ 25 . 7 million )  ,  ireland ( us $ 15 million )  ,  norway ( us $ 24 . 7 million and the united kingdom ( us $ 69 million )  . "
wsj :  how has the volume of on - campus recruiting changed ? 
there are no official figures regarding the effects of bedbugs on relationships in new york .  many new yorkers questioned reported no contact with bedbugs or any relationship strains because of the fear . 
"in general ,  epa will still play an important role in our country ' s economic development .  however ,  it can develop continuously and stably and promote the economy of the region where it lies only if it is oriented not only to global but also to domestic market . "
"under certain reation conditions ,  male specimens displayed one distinct amplification band  ( ee0 . 6z , 190 bp )  ,  whereas two bands ( ee0 . 6w and ee0 . 6z , 250 bp and 190 bp )  were amplified for the female specimens .  however ,  amplifications in 4 different reaction conditions were different in 6 species of birds . "
a： jim is jealous of his new baby sister because his parents spend so much time with her . 
and you ' il have a power you ' ve never known . 
i want to see the girl who appeared on the show . 
"i ' d be speed reading  "" the cat in the hat .  "" "
"and ,  it can be quite difficult for me to return the compliment . "
"fl ávio hirata ,  a consultant with allier brasiol ,  told valor econ ómico the chinese companies ( who preferred to remain anonymous )  were not exporting agro - chemicals to brazil and had already asked for official registration of their fungicide and herbicide brands to begin operating there . "
"water would have been little to their taste ;  a sailor is not usually a good shot ;  and ,  besides all that ,  when they were so short of eatables ,  it was not likely they would be very flush of powder . "
"hmm ,  you keep store whiskey here as well . "
men love “chatty talk among friends” as much as women do .  the three men in the show spend a lot of time together talking about things like troubled relationships and new women they meet . 
"the pbl / melco consortium is expected to open its first hotel / casino ,  called crown macau ,  in 2007 and has several projects in line for the landfill areas between taipa and coloane ,  where a new gaming center is emerging . "
you ' re always asking questions .  did you ever think about becoming a newscaster ? 
"for the operation of the diversion - type hydropower station after extension ,  the main problem comes from the safe and stable operations of both the extended generating units and the original ones and the hydraulic influence of their interaction therein . "
i don ' t know how to thank you . 
"love is an impossible encounter .  for example ,  i am a bird flying in sky ,  you are a leopard in forest .  we just fall in love accidentally . "
is our society headed in a direction that will support this transition ? 
"all right ,  so maybe the octopus .  .  .  is the way the next person dies ? "
a 49 - year - old underwear model has accused the fashion industry of ageism as she says she can no longer get any work because she looks too young . 
"however ,  i don ' t mind eating in fast  - foods ,  either … fortunately ,  i belong to the lucky people with fast metabolism ,  so i don ' t have to be troubled with my weight . "
legg mason ' s miller noted that yahoo shares had been trading at a four  - year low prior to microsoft ' s offer and the stock was trading above microsoft ' s bid price for all of 2004 . 
"over the 46 years of his enterprise ,  his technique and materials barely changed . "
a thousand nations of the persian empire descend upon you . 
" "" the inequity of this whole situation is really enormous if you look at who ' s responsible and who ' s suffering as a result ,  ""  said rajendra k .  pachauri ,  chairman of the united nations climate panel . "
q :  what is your impression of the ra 107 ?  can honda win with it ? 
"okay .  now take your hand on a chair or your notebook ,  your computer or whatever ,  and do syncopation off of that according to this pattern . "
"she said while arab states need not match the u . s .  diplomatic commitment to iraq as evidenced by the new  $ 700 million american embassy in baghdad ,  they should be represented into order to as she put it  "" confirm and work for iraq ' s arab identity ""  in the face of iranian influence . "
"across the livestock industry ,  the four biggest slaughter firms accounted for 68 %  of sales in 2008 . "
"article 3 mineral resources belong to the state .  the rights of state ownership in mineral resources is exercised by the state council .  state ownership of mineral resources ,  either near the earth ' s surface or underground ,  shall not change with the alteration of ownership or right to the use of the land which the mineral resources are attached to . "
"international admissions officers advise students to apply to at least three schools .  you may be able to apply online and pay the application charge with a credit card ,  or by mail . "
i ' m just a lowly infectious disease guy . 
"oligosaccharides have many bio  -  activities ,  as anticoagulant ,  anti  -  virus ,  improving of immunity ,  antitumor and anti  -  inflammation . "
"de - miners use high - tech gear to find these explosives ,  but that does little for civilians . "
"additionally ,  there must be enough flexibility in the process to allow teams with varied needs to work in a manner that best supports them . "
"cautious calls for peace ,  reconciliation and mutual respect on the anniversary of a revolution that ended u . s .  - iran relations . "
"that it ' s not intrinsically upbeat ,  because a non - zero - sum game , "
"i just thought that was amazing .  i mean ,  she spoke in a way  -  - "
"the recent arrival of troops from egypt and ethiopia have raised the mission ' s forces to nearly 11 , 000 .  but this remains well below the planned 26 , 000 - strong deployment . "
"so far this year the chinese mainland has reported more than 100 human h7n9 cases ,  including about 20 death , "
"“sometimes they eat too fast and i can ' t get the picture ,  other times they run off with the toy and leave it in the tree . ”"
he pushed against the rock with all his strength . 
jesus never said a word about homosexuality . 
"true ,  most of the new sites were located in east asia and india ,  and 18 european sites had been closed . "
"some day they will bloom ,  gwen dear ;  the master will find them ,  and we ,  too ,  shall see them . "
of the first life off earth in the ocean that exists below there . 
"only a little thing to you ,  but a great thing to me . "
that you can lose when you outscore somebody in a game . 
"but not all muslim turks were overjoyed at being embraced ,  and as christian  -  friendly ,  by western powers . "
once you start making progress you won’t want to stop . 
he made home movie take  -  off of puccini ' s tosca with leonard bernstein . 
how to end off a hemp square knot bracelet ;  learn this and more in this free arts and crafts video taught by a pottery making expert . 
closer inspection by the health officers showed that the canned fruit were considered unfit for human consumption . 
do you think mikhail might blame my daughter or me .  .  .  for taking you off the path ? 
"your kids … .  well ,  they want to go on adventures all the time . "
"and then she said ,   "" but how does it happen when a man and woman are together ? "
all the employees expect an automatic increase in pay every year . 
"well , i ' m more interested in the fact that it ' s ossified . "
"of the brethren court ,  per say of jack . "
pinon adds that venezuela is unlikely to carry out threats of further cuts of exports to the u . s .  because it relies on american customers and refineries to process its heavy crude . 
"most of these airlines don’t show up when you look for flights on travel search engines ,  so it pays to check on all your options before booking a more expensive flight or train ride . "
and they really wanted to help me along the way . 
"during the following 10 weeks ,  the 110 idioms were taught to the subjects with two different methods ,  namely ,  the conceptual metaphor method and the traditional method . "
and us cities are stepping up to the plate . 
"of course ,  writing the test case will pay off if you run the test more than six times . "
you are unique in all the world . 
but ambiguity need not be restricted to conditions of one variable . 
it ' s a way of getting their head to meetings . 
"if pigs are still used up until the last bit ,  was still true . "
"for 20 minutes or so ,  and now she wants to do it all over again , "
sometimes you got to runbefore you can walk . 
"you can now use as useful energy ,  whether it ' s for a pool or hot water . "
when at school he failed so many times in one subject that the principal had to send for his parents . 
"we can acquire the bullet ' s flight track through processing it .  this paper discussed how to pretreatment glass board image ,  and introduced elements of measurement of glass board diagram and method how to come true ,  and introduced accuracy demarcate technology to flat scanner ,  digit correlative method and inferior pixel site technology to it ,  then used this method to pick - up automatically trajectory image points in board image . "
he wandered in to see me as if he had nothing else to do . 
" "" i want to make sure we put enough pressure on the iranians ,  by joining with our allies ,  imposing significant ,  tough sanctions to modify their behavior ,  ""  mccain said . "
i bugged him to let me use his . 38 .  .  .  to shoot cats in the parking lot . 
"kitted out with a sofa , cushions ,  a tv ,  a phone and flowers ,  the shelter attracts thousands of tourists every year  -  and even boasts a hot snacks stand . "
"i mean ,  they can do like seven kilometers an hour"
"all this fuss suggests ,  not that bosses are growing more horrible ,  but that employees expect them to be more agreeable . "
"and we developed the impact car that general motors made , "
"as the cost of both the radio devices and the air time drops ,  more and more measurement and reporting will be done with wireless networks . "
i want you to meet my friends . 
i kind of had forgotten there was a question at the heart of my letter . 
i have never shown to another human being . 
20 . the way their tears make you want to change the world so that it doesn ' thurtthem anymore . 
"i do not think that you are afraid ,  mr daly . "
the harbour was full of all kinds of craft . 
"but like many of macbeth ' s actions in the latter half of the play ,  escalation to the wto could be both bloody  - minded and counter -  productive . "
objective developing a more sensitive hi method for h 5 avian influenza serum test . 
from the national park to survey the whole mine .  it ' s a mile deep . 
perhaps you ' d better not answer that question . 
"it ' s about the values behind the words ,  and how we construct those values . "
if there was anyone i didn ' t want in this fight .  it was you . 
a starring actor or actress given equal status with another or others in a play or film . 
take a look at chevrolet ' s  ' 58 corvette . 
"but in so far as there is no new occupation to take the place of the old ,  the waste of labour will mean a further reduction in family income . "
"matala ,  angola ,  13 april–over 8 , 000 kilometers of roads are to be rebuilt and asphalted in angola by 2009 by the angolan roads institute as part of the program for restoring road infrastructures ,  angola ' s public works minister ,  higino carneiro said wednesday . "
and that ' s how we got started working on  ' em . 
"eventually ,  you give up and go back to the hammer . "
"in the same way  ,  the lunar inhabitants would occasionally see part of our earth in full sunlight ,  and the rest lighted only by moon - light ;  they might call this  "" the old earth in the new earth ' s arms .  "" "
"“i could hardly find any information in chinese about private airplanes at that time ,  so we had to translate foreign information , ” he continued . "
objectives :  to study fermentation conditions of chymosin from mutant strain mucor pusillus . 
i think the active participation is the key issue to ensure the re  -  utilization of wastes . 
"on its  ( thankfully )  short - term effects ,  keroppy joked :   ' we enjoy being freaks for the night !  ' "
then the one what with she happened ? 
"thus ,  someone who is chicken - hearted does not have much courage . "
" "" now we ask ourselves ,  why did they go and shoot somebody if that person was not hiding ? "
acute lymphoblastic leukemia is a fast - growing cancer of the white blood cells . 
"despite the u . s .  entry into the war ,  the lend - lease program continued . "
back - to - backs built for the poor in the 19th century
she could have written just ordinary routine notes of acknowledgement . 
she was given standard anti - retroviral drugs almost immediately and for 18 months afterwards . 
"during the 1930s ,  trade restrictions contributed greatly to the world economic depression . "
"ari ,  i cannot tell you how good it makes me feel to watch you squirm . "
"at that ,  it ' s worth more than you ' re willing to pay . "
"beverage alcohol products and drinkers may be portrayed as part of responsible personal and social experiences and activities ,  such as the depiction of persons in a social or romantic setting ,  persons who appear to be attractive or affluent ,  and persons who appear to be relaxing or in an enjoyable setting . "
the planned changes to the fund also include demanding better corporate governance from japan ' s large companies . 
"and that ' s because it ' s the usual familiarity marker that you get on lots of words in english ,  words like ,  sweetie ,  auntie ,  goalie  ( goal keeper )  ,  daddie and mummie ,  and of course in names too ,  susie  ( susan )  . "
we have no chance to meet each other a week hence . 
"if you ignore it ,  the situation will blow over soon . "
"now ,  we take the second left and then the first left or right . "
former lebanese prime minister saad hariri and opposition leader walid jumblatt have both accused syrian president bashar al - assad of being behind the blast .   prime minister mikati ' s government is supported by lebanon ' s pro - syrian hezbollah militia . 
a student of music needs as long and as arduous a training to become a performer as a medical student needs to become a doctor . 
and you must have wondered what ' s the right approach . 
"gan xiaochen ,  22 ,  an international journalism major graduate ,  got a bit uneasy during job hunting this year . "
there is no greater antidepressant than communication and fellowship with god . 
"indeed ,  the press freedom and the liberation of thinking are both musts for further reform . "
but i ' m very sure that we will be able to do that at some stage . 
an operating system interface for application programs used on ibm token  -  ring network . 
"and at that moment ,  you have gotta get up . "
which kind of defined me for a long time . 
and we ' ve got this dilemma about how you bring them up . 
"we throw you into the deep end .  we start with complexity and then dive down .  "" "
"these children were going to be treated very badly ,  and so he had to do this . "
don ' t wear those clothes to work ;  try to look more professional ! 
the graduations are marked on the side of the flask . 
and the fact that we ' re still dealing with lead - acid batteries is sort of a baffling thing to wrap one ' s mind around .  but all of that just might be changing . 
"and i love you ,  and i ' ll always be with you . "
microsoft announced that it has completed its previous stock repurchase plan . 
i will take the child and watch over him . 
"the species compeition ,  distribution and dominants species of soil ciliates in tianmu mountains was reported . "
samuel taylor coleridge :  i try to convey a semblance of truth in my writing
all woman look the same from behind . 
weekly newspaper agora said sonangol aimed to amalgamate the two shipping companies by 2008 to operate as a single unit in domestic and overseas transport of crude and oil derivatives . 
refitted with bullet -  and shatter - proof glass . 
"if you ' re extremely gun - shy ,  take baby steps so you ' ll feel more confident once you manage to score small achievements . "
crisp skin roasted suckling pig  |  crispy - skinned suckling pig
"the bandit in a typical western movie rides a horse and goes armed ,  either alone of in a group 。"
"while the truncheon may be used in lieu of conversation ,  words always retain their power . "
are you terribly angry with me about last night ? 
you can make a lot of change .  you can get roads built . 
you ' re sad .  .  .  and there ' s no need to be ! 
"and it never occurred to you to chase the trolley down the street ,  waving her underwear and calling out her name ? "
"he told france 24 television through an interpreter that he has urged supporters to vote ,  despite apparent threats . "
"but during tuesday ' s debate ,  clinton said obama has not been consistent in his opposition to the war since he has been in the senate . "
"consider the various ways they can influence your personal or company brand :  a blog people actually want to read ,  content marketing that lures thousands of new users to your products or services ,  an authentic voice that gets people interacting with you on social media ,  succinct business writing that saves time and eliminates uncertainty . "
it might even cost up towards a percentage point of gdp
no one wishes to deal with a person who is accustomed to breaking his word . 
"the result was an extraordinary surge in exports and capital - intensive heavy industry ,  with little job creation . "
"obama also continues to tie mccain to president bush ,  arguing that electing the arizona republican in november would amount to a third bush term in office . "
now this is a gap in the market no one had seen before .  plucky japanese start - up real - f offers you the chance to  ' see yourself '  as never before . 
so ultimately you ’ll wake up and feel like a secret agent every morning . 
the gangs in hong kong are in a war . 
"cook .  do people rave about your food ?  offer to cater events .  provide food for a picnic ,  for a cocktail party ,  for a sit  - down dinner .  sell cookies and cakes . "
"how do people learn how to react to a situation ?  what i ' m saying is , "
london design firm seymourpowell unveiled its vision for a future sky hotel  -  -  a vertical airship lifted by hydrogen and powered by solar energy . 
"ms .  dlamini - zuma is the former wife of south african president jacob zuma .  she was elected sunday on the fourth ballot ,  defeating chairman jean ping of gabon . "
something similar is true of the logic circuits in computers '  microprocessors . 
so that within a year we have a thousand examples  -  - 
not even smart enough to play poker or blackjack . 
"the classic case is  "" a woman who has just lost her husband ,  ""  said dr .  mariell jessup ,  a university of pennsylvania heart specialist who has treated many cases of the syndrome . "
"pat lewis is a school nurse in beaumont ,  texas . "
fontes added that cape verde may also benefit from supplementary help at the end of 2006 when the bank plans to redistribute funds that have been granted to african countries but have not been used . 
"fpga is a kind of powerful programmable chip used in the development of digital system ,  and it has such advantages as large capacity ,  reliability and easy modification .  the design of fpga system is mainly through software method which is easy to grasp .  compared with legacy discrete circuit or asic ,  more and more fpgas are adopted in digital systems for low cost and fast speed . "
"after running half a kilometer ,  i began to feel tired . "
"he who forgives an offense seeks love ,  but he who repeats a matter alienates a friend . "
they have neck pillows on the plane . 
twisted  -  pair cables are most popular transmission medium in network engineering . 
"it ' s bigger than jews ,  blacks ,  homosexuals ,  nra members , "
china was once central to hopes that the world could muddle through the credit crisis without a recession . 
"of course ,  i wouldn ' t mind seeing my future girlfriends . "
dr schwartz and his team coaxed embryonic stem cells to become retinal pigment epithelium tissue which supports the rod and cone cells that actually respond to light
"analyses the causes for corrosion ,  blockage and wear of air preheaters for 410 t / h and 670 t / h boilers at some power plants in heilongjiang province and presents how to upgrade air preheaters with highly efficient energy saving spiral flute pipes and good results achieved . "
"bilateral trade between china and africa totaled us $ 52 . 3 billion in the first nine months of the year ,  according to figures from the chinese trade ministry . "
we ' re traveling like you can ' t  -  -  we fit it all in .  i don ' t know how we do it . 
"ooh ,  like when denice hooked up with gary coleman at lollapalooza . "
"this thesis which starts with the doctrines of alienation and communism ,  argues and demonstrates economic and philosophical manuscripts  ( 1844 )  in four aspects ,  including the base of thinking of the practical materialism ,  the truthful meaning of alienation ,  the metaphysical bourn of communism and the unification between the evaluation of value and the historical evaluation . "
we get a pretty hundred satellites up there . 
"under the precondition of dam ' s safety ,  some of flood scheduling model ,  which conclude the regular scheduling model ,  the maximum peak clipping criterion scheduling model ,  the minimum deluge time criterion scheduling model and the experience scheduling model etc ,  are established and resolved by the nonlinear programming and the progressive optimality algorithm . "
"one day ,  i asked him about his hopes and dreams . "
"we could do it so that when you take the two pictures , "
"was that you were up on the shore yelling at me .  "" "
i must try to get hold of a back number so that i can catch up on the articles i missed . 
that ' s where the game is being played . 
and what the american  -  -  the most powerful military in the history of mankind
but he stopped short of calling for its leaders to be brought to justice . 
" "" one of my dearest friends in the senate ,  ted kennedy ,  had a little emergency this morning ,  and we are all worried about him .  i have spoken to the family ,  and there have been reports that it was a seizure ,  rather than a stroke .  we hope that he ' s going to be okay ,  ""  he said . "
"and there are many defects in policy of human resource management in china , such as egalitarianism ,  crony , official standard etc .  therefore , china enterprises should pay attention to culture building , plan integrated salary system , improve employees '  training and management to accelerate the development of human resource management efficiently . "
"in addition ,  how to use this counter to realize gray display by pwm in driving circuit of flat panel display has been discussed . "
"last year ,  nearly 60 percent of interns joined their companies as full - time hires . "
we read  ( through )  the minutes of the last meeting . 
"many modifications to applications fall into the category of compatible updates ,  but it does require consideration by the application developers to know which are and which are not . "
there is something to be said for local knowledge . 
"they are quick and cheap to build - perhaps a third of the cost of coal - fired stations ,  and less than a quarter of the cost of nuclear ones . "
"of starches and glucose ,  right ,  out of co2 .  he ' s found a way  -  - "
separately mr .  rogozin said moscow would not prolong the use of the international space station after 2020 going against a us request . 
"poundland :  the chain was founded in 1990 in the uk .  in the us ,  single - price shops have been around since the 1950s . "
the bellboy will show you up to your room .  your luggage will be brought right up . 
"they have since attempted to search existing plant lists and work out an  "" accepted ""  name for each species ,  and then list all known variations . "
"jason says ,  “i could use a breather . ” a “breather”  ( breather )  is a break ;  a rest ;  a short period of time when you don’t have to do anything . "
"each episode of esl podcast comes with a 8 to 10 page learning guide that contains all of the vocabulary ,  definitions ,  sample sentences ,  additional definitions ,  cultural notes ,  comprehension questions ,  and a complete transcript of this episode . "
"write her a long letter ,  one in which you recall the most emotional parts of your romantic history . "
he had agreed to help me with his biography . 
"unprofitable eloquence is like the cypress ,  which is great and tall ,  but bears no fruit . "
his book was picked to pieces by some critics . 
"just for that ,  i ' m not talking to you . "
"this phone is programmed to call only one number ,  mine . "
"a woman in love ,  what is that like ? "
"in the final stages of closing a 20 - million - dollar round ,  to move it to the next level , "
" "" high school ideology and politics discipline ""  of the present stage include ordinary economic general knowledge ,  philosophy general knowledge ,  political general knowledge ,  etc .  moral course that high school offer ; "
but gabon ' s oil reserves were dwindling and bongo saw a chance to cash in on another hot commodity . 
"we live in a world in which the most culturally innocuous symbols , "
"i go through phases of exercising ,  like anyone else .  but ,  in the last few weeks i ' ve really been focused on getting stronger ,  and i ' ve noticed i feel much more motivated to workout ,  as a result of this change in my mindset . "
" ( exhales )  look ,  man ,  i used to work for him ,  all right ? "
"can you see ,  as the years pass by ,  child survival is increasing ? "
it ' s dangerous  !  stay back !  we don ' t need him .  he thinks she ' s sick .  dual personality ! 
ordinary person who i don ' t know  -  -  from tahrir square . 
"gal .  6 : 15 for neither is circumcision anything nor uncircumcision ,  but a new creation is what matters . "
i know you probably think you do . 
"and i ' ve been riding with these kids once a week , "
must be paying her too much money . 
" "" i think it ' s not likely to happen this year ""  because of jurisdictional battles within congress that tend to bog down currency  -  related bills ,  lardy told reuters insider . "
and i think part of what i ' m learning in this process
"as pressure rises ,  so does the boiling point of water . "
"well ,  sometime it ' s got to matter how old they are . "
and again i saw him standing in the refectory and the rubies pouring down his gullet . 
"the key thing is that for it to work , "
"if you’re a nontraditional applicant ,  chances are you ’re not like everyone else from your original field of expertise . "
why not let the new human bear the sin of the human race ? 
they ' re gonna go over every inch of it . 
"that ' s a cooker ,  but it doesn ' t actually work . "
and you see in the more equal countries on the left  -  - 
"some bottle up air for yet more meticulous examination far away ,  in britain ,  or in boulder ,  colorado . "
i already told you i sell chestnuts
this is not the first thing that i tried to do
"i am listening ,  damn it ,  i am listening . "
there ' s a little soirée at my house tonight . 
he could have been hallucinating .  you can ' t normally strangle yourself like this . 
"chris ,  take the 50 ,  jimmy ,  take that in the humvee . "
"it is without doubt that we all have to study ,  and many of us never stop . "
"and he ' s actually like a terrorist ,  a sleeper cell . "
and you start to see fossils of homo erectus
"mouth :  very good length in the mouth ,  well balanced ,  rich ,  slightly acidulous . "
"speaking to a regional asian security and defense seminar in singapore saturday ,  u . s .  defense secretary robert gates '  assessment was blunt .  he accused burma ' s military government of being  "" deaf and dumb ""  to offers of foreign aid . "
"in this height ,  the army of japan it was almost rebelling itself . "
they ' re all expecting you down at the precinct . 
but the book only really comes alive when he is talking to the old sexton or the weavers who started work at 13  ( part - time at 11 )  . 
because it ' s very interesting .  when you take this model
"that the current employees ,  the future liabilities they create , "
"today ,  i was masturbating while chewing gum .  halfway into the session ,  the gum flew down my throat ,  causing me to violently choke . "
"and if you read the press ,  it actually last week said i quit the media lab . "
and it might occur to some of you that this seems to be an analogy with the darwinian theory of natural selection where there ' s a random assortment of random mutations . 
and we were kind of just out there doing the stuff we crazily did . 
but the atlas has revealed a startling genetic diversity ;  different slabs of cortex are defined by entirely different sets of genes . 
the eastern hemlock tree has often been described as the redwood of the east . 
"abstract to study the cause on copd patients '  incooperate or defuse double positive pressure no hurt ventilate treatment ,  72 cases patients were investigated ,  their causes were analyzed ,  and dealt with suitable countermeasure ,  the effect was good . "
"technology plays an increasing role in the generational shopping split .  millennials are 2 ½ times more likely to be early adopters of technology than older generations ,  serving as a leading indicator for retailers that was an idea of what is likely to become mainstream ,  said christine barton ,  a partner at boston consulting group .  millennials are more likely than older shoppers to check out brands on social networks  ( 53 %  versus 37 %  )  and use mobile devices to read reviews ,  research products and compare prices while shopping  ( 50 %  versus 21 %  )  ,  according to a recent bcg  /  barkley report . "
"at the meeting ,  u . s .  treasury secretary jacob lew said there was widespread support from g20 leaders for imf aid to ukraine , "
cases of diarrhoea and vomiting caused by eating the roes of naked carp  ( gymnocypris przwalskii kessler )  were reported long ago .  the symptom was resulted from the toxic component which stimulated smooth muscle contraction . 
"last week ,  tacv signed an agreement with angola ' s taag according to which it would provide eight flights per week to lisbon .  under the terms of the agreement ,  taag will transport the passengers to sal island and tacv will carry them on to lisbon . "
the rise of this new hybrid has led to a dramatic change in the balance of power between the state and the market . 
"the laws apply to everyone irrespective of race ,  color ,  or creed . "
"instead of being simply the quarry in a chase ,  he is revealed as a twisted but articulate antagonist ,  who has devised a horrible plan for concluding his sermon . "
"boston :  avoid walking at night in dorchester ,  mattapan and roxbury ,  and be wary of  "" petty crime ""  in chinatown ,  the north end and fenway . "
"on a daily basis we ' ll whip you up a menu of traditional irish pub grub ,  freshly baked bread ,  traditional irish fare and even some modern fusion cuisine . "
"the u . s .  federal reserve has already announced emergency measures to ward off a recession ,  and further interest rate cuts may be made . "
"china is eager to learn from other nations ,  will keep abreast of the trend of the times ,  will actively engage in global dialogue ,  and will promote the 21st century as an era of peace and co - operation . "
" "" then we will insist upon it .  more - i will compel it .  it is morganatic marriage or none "" "
"well ,  there ' il be a series of brocades . "
"a god who looks after his own ,  so that christians are ok , "
"according to escom ' s president ,  h élder bataglia ,  cited in the statement ,  the sector has“a lot of potential ”in angola and an agreement that“confirms the group ' s aptitude to establish significant international companies from various business sectors . ”"
in the year 1583 ricci entered zhaoqing and built the first european style house in china . 
"depending on the type of tile and roof structure ,  it could also prevent airflow . "
"if you look at the number of tree species we have in europe ,  for instance , "
"the world ,  and the disadvantaged of the world  -  - "
"once you nail down the basic recipes you love to eat ,  then move on  &  try something new ,  like a red curry thai soup ! "
they ' il all live in the same house ! 
"when i came to craig three months ago with this ,  he told me ,  and quite astutely ,  it ' s only a problem if you have a solution . "
"who realized that these five solids ,  which i spoke of earlier , "
"which markets ,  sectors and stocks have the best prospects ,  and which have the worst ? "
"so why don ' t we do something about it — close a few tax loopholes ,  regulate the banks — instead of gazing at the glossy real estate brochures that come in the mail ?  is it possible that our fascination with the rich reflects some flaw in the nation ' s value structure that cuts across class lines ?  does subscribing to architectural digest make us unwittingly collusive in the perpetuation of wealth inequity ?  is the middle class enabling the upper class ? "
remember when fenton wanted to go to hollywood ? 
"it ' s a fortification ,  a barrier against the mongols . "
"i ' m all for it ;  after all ,  i raised a lot of it . "
"unless they truly believe that the chineselunarcalendar warns against a  "" widow ' s year ""  in 2010 ,  we might well see miss guo become mrs fok . "
lcang rol pa i rdo rje was the important person of the qing dynasty . 
i must show you my new paintings sometime . 
"an 18 - year - old chinese driver and two passengers were pulled from a bmw by armed police after a high - speed chase along california ' s pacific highway coast ,  where speeds reached almost 200km / h . "
but beckham has no regrets about his time at real madrid . 
today this account of the amorous escapades of an aristocratic aesthete is widely regarded as the first modern or psychological novel . 
there are also parts of our life that you might have to do right now but aren ' t always the best use of your time . 
"oh ,  he says it ' s nothing ,  sir .  merely a malfunction . "
the kudos of playing for such a famous team
the announcement should win some blue  -  collar democrats to the reformers ' cause . 
"her characteristic expressions and marginal narrations are brimming over with the “desolate” aesthetic keynote ,  reflecting the concern circling around the “human” ,  and the social pictures of metropolis in the semi - feudal and semi - colonial society reappeared . "
" "" at what point do we say to the iranians that this  [ nuclear issue ]  is now a matter for the entire united nations security council to deal with ?  ""  he asked .   "" the iranians are under enormous pressure ,  and every day or so they say ,   ' it  [ the nuclear program ]  is only peaceful ,  and we are willing to give assurances .  '  we  [ the united states ]  are the ones who called attention to this problem and said that the international community has to do something about it .  "" "
32 .  a number of delegations expressed their preferences regarding programmes to be evaluated in the period 1996 - 2000 . 
it is an example of what tastes good may not be good for you . 
"how ,  in the future ,  are we going to program our robots"
"the students who have this kind of ability have very strong appetite for knowledge ,  are good at planning their time in reason in a scientific way . "
and they were ready to let the kid go . 
"hi .  i ' m here to talk to you about the importance of praise ,  admiration and thank you ,  and having it be specific and genuine . "
"it ' s halloween at coyote ugly ,  piper perabo . "
"if god brings you to it ,  he will bring you through it . "
"i ' ve no problem keepin ' track of a million things for my clients ,  but .  .  .  unfortunately ,  i can ' t seem to micro - manage my daughter ' s vagina . "
respect that fact every second of every day . 
"please state your name ,  age ,  and the number of dependents you have . "
"mining group nmdc ,  the biggest producer of iron or in india ,  plans to secure coal reserves to feed its steel making plants in chattisgarh e karnataka . "
"so ,  for example ,  it’s licensed as an intravenous agent to induce sleep in children . "
the name of the game is hydrocarbons .  and be that
"a lot of these newly rich people are just big bootleggers ,  you know .   "" "
because of you .  .  .  one of my men is dead . 
"this comprises the notes and coins in wallets ,  purses ,  petty -  cash trays and tills ,  plus the cash reserves that commercial banks hold with the central bank . "
"hey ,  this is our new apartment ,  rae . "
u . s .  business today is challenged by aggressive overseas competitors . 
and i think regardless of what the position is about how
"i also think that more generally ,  the use of the internet and technology"
"tell your master ,  nelly ,  that i never ,  in my life met with such an abject thing as she is . "
this is crazy to me that you ' re still defending him . 
jack and amy invited many friends to their engagement party . 
"at the same time ,  israel is conducting a five - day home front exercise to test preparedness for missile attacks with nuclear ,  chemical or biological weapons . "
and i would imagine that a lot of you have too . 
the washington post is praised for authoritative and insightful reports
"well ,  press the button and you ' re on record ,  you understand . "
carnegie uses anecdote after anecdote to illustrate the best way to make the most of human relations . 
"kid ,  these two words will solve all your problems . "
but now xenna will have to take time off until the bruising goes down and herjawrecovers . 
"the high - speed rail network is the largest public works investment planned by the portuguese government in the next few years alongside the new international airport at ota ,  north of lisbon ,  which is expected to cost some 3 billion euros . "
be confident with yourself and stop worrying what other people think .  do what ' s best for your future happiness ! 
and it brings us up to our current day . 
"somebody who no matter what you didn ' t do or couldn ' t take or didn ' t win or couldn ' t make will love you without judgement just the same .  "" "
"mapmakers may be geographers and cartographers ,  but they can also be artists and imperialists ,  storytellers and propagandists . "
we think that these new numbers show a much more optimistic upside for us . 
"well ,  you were right about sachin tendulkar . "
"well ,  that ' s what the producer says :  it ' s  "" improving the dough , "
a friend of the star admitted the two women had exchanged  ' angry words '  but said thetantrumhad come about only because the singer was  ' tired and emotional '  after a 13 - hour flight from tokyo where she had been performing . 
don ' t feel bad about hating the infidel . 
"but you ' re going there , i ' m going there too . "
"when my alarm goes off every morning ,  i turn it off ,  stretch for a couple seconds ,  and sit up . "
"china plans to invest 5 . 74 trillion yuan by 2020 in building an all - round social welfare system to enhance people ' s livelihoods ,  according to the china development research foundation ,  a government think - tank . "
"i think it ' s important to keep your sense of humor about yourself ,  as a nation ,  as a person ,  as individuals ,  said mccall . "
"they ' ve got weapons ,  maybe even a com that works . "
"and then ,  to have to deal with large groups , "
and what i ' m just going to do is  -  -  i ' m going to hide that . 
"stop laughing at me ,  fried avocado . "
"and every time you interfere ,  you jeopardize her cover . "
have to find them !  because that guy knows too much about me
the 30 - year - old entertainer took in london ' s sights bylevitatingbeside the roof of a 15ft double - decker bus . 
you are as kind tome as you have always been to papa
"i also have intensified senses  -  -  touch ,  taste ,  smell ,  sight ,  and sound  -  -  so i am attuned to lights ,  noise ,  textures ,  and smells . "
"the figures from january to november 2009 indicate year - on - year drops in chinese exports and imports of 27 . 52 percent and 22 . 72 percent ,  respectively . "
"for china ' s rulers through the ages ,  stability has been the chief objective . "
"within six starchy crops ,  arrowroot had higher crude protein content and starch solubility and lower saccharifying power ,  gel temperature and swelling power . "
the shapeless sheepskin boots were first spotted on the 1970s - era australian surfers who wore them for post - surf warmth .  they were introduced to the us by australian surfer brian smith in 1978 . 
and that i shouldn ' t be late for the wedding . 
"she said :  “these stories present worlds full of cowed populations ,  tyrannical governments ,  post - nuclear ,  devastated ,  war - torn landscapes ,  corrupt elites ,  weaponized viruses and other associated horrors that ask how we would function in extreme situations ,  and test what it means to be human . ”"
"also remains 6 minute 05 second ,  jianeite receives reuter ' s passing a ball ,  airborne relay goes well . "
"between january and april of last year ,  china had a trade deficit with brazil of us $ 191 . 62 million ,  brazil ' s ministry of development ,  industry and commerce said . "
"if they desist not from what they say ,  truly ,  a painful punishment will befall the disbelievers among them .  would they not rather repent to god and ask his forgiveness ?  for god is oft - forgiving ,  most merciful . "
you can get the real and you get the same price . 
that ' s what i have in my bedroom . 
"is this a continuous flight ,  or do we stop off anywhere ? "
but at least give your body the chance to speak for itself . 
"they moved the wedding date up because neither wanted to wait any longer to  "" be together ,   "" and it was not proper to  "" be together ""  without being married . "
"the yale law professor yochai benkler ,  in an essay called  "" coase ' s penguin ,  "" "
"ami diabate ,  has brought her three children to a rural clinic to get the latest anti - malarial drugs . "
" "" it ' s a deserted monastery ,  down in the valley .  amongst the fir trees . "
"with all due respect ,  sir ,  that is not what we ' re here to discuss . "
"the care worker ,  who says she is hooked on the practice ,  consumes around half - a - gallon of blood per month and believes that it keeps her feeling young and vigorous . "
"wash a dog ,  comb a dog ,  still a dog ,  remains a dog . "
"at least one big client ,  jpmorgan chase co .  ,  is having  ' serious dialogue '  with bloomberg and  ' considering its options ,  '  said a person familiar with jpmorgan .  bloomberg has said it has been in contact with several hundred of its clients following last week ' s disclosure but it didn ' t comment specifically on jpmorgan"
"and so i ' m going to talk a little bit about that , "
"amazon will be hoping to leverage both the strength of the kindle brand ,  built up over three generations of its popular e - book reader ,  and its ability to serve up content such as music and video . "
you ' re looking for one chuck the magnificent . 
" ' since you came home from weekly boarding  -  school at peckham ,  for instance  -  and that ' s ten days ,  '  said solomon ,   ' i don ' t remember more than one person that has come into the shop  .  ' "
"despite the gloomy - sounding theme ,  it was very well received by critics in cannes . "
this thesis aims to prove that hardy is a misunderstood aesthete . 
"a head color is different ,  too where took ! "
"for the bottom billion ,  so that they actually catch up . "
india is barred from getting nuclear technology because it has not signed the nuclear non - proliferation treaty . 
my beliefs do not require them to . 
i ' m never going to make my flight . 
"if creation means seeing in an artistic sense ,  there cannot be a border between creating and seeing . "
the memory expansion cards are useful adjuncts to the computer . 
i think that ' s the main point to be made . 
he was seen running away from the scene of the crime . 
" "" in the theory with which we have to deal ,  absolute ignorance is the artificer ; "
you know that sometimes it feels like
"then discussed emphatically the task despatch algorithm which unifies with the motion computation ,  as well as the conditions which the design of resource allocation mechanism should satisfy . "
amaury nolasco  ( fernando sucre )  lost a pc and a passport in the break -  in . 
herald :  what are your plans after you wrap up promotions for the second album ? 
old world bird that tumbles or rolls in flight ;  related to kingfishers . 
"after a whole day of that ,  you still want to get engaged ? "
"we must tighten control over and protection of arable land ,  water ,  forest ,  grasslands and mineral ,  sea and biological resources .  we should institute the system of paid use of natural resources to ensure economical and rational uses .  we should stricly deal with and control pollution and speed up pollution treatment in major regions and river valleys .  we should publish standards for monitoring environmental quality in large cities . "
"because dopamine ,  which floods into your system when you ' re positive , "
"i like lance ,   ' cause he ' s so hot . "
"rituals anchor holidays ,  and give kids a sense of continuity and a tradition they can pass on for years to come . "
"gel magnet that you ' re holding in your hand  -  -  and you know , "
"and getting us ready to act ,  which is why the muscles tense or relax . "
"two weeks ago ,  i came out of the building ,  okay ? "
normally he tosses and turns like crazy when he sleeps . 
tell me do the children miss me ? 
"create a flow debugger instance ,  attach it to the default execution group ,  and then start the flow debugger . "
"these resources should remain available ,  but if you do encounter problems ,  i suggest that you replace example data with your own credentials and test data . "
"so ,  we ' re going to encourage all students to receive circumcision . "
"in order to encourage production of this vegetable - based fuel ,  brazilian legislation requires distributors to mix 4 percent biodiesel into every litre of conventional diesel sold . "
"story server stores content and graphicelements in a sybase database ,  and as visitors request a page the content is "" poured ""  on the fly into design templates . "
he said it could also help ldc to sell its portfolio companies ? to ? increasingly acquisitive indian and chinese groups looking to expand in the uk . 
" "" we ' re selling you a dream in a way ,  ""  mallevays says about packaging old labels for sale .   "" sleeping beauties can be hugely attractive for the right group — the right brand can get up to scale very quickly and successfully .  "" "
"lisbon ,  portugal ,  30 june–the angolan economy is expected to see two - digit growth in 2010 ,  after the government lowered its gross domestic product ( gdp )  forecast to 6 . 2 percent in 2009 ,  angola ' s finance minister said in lisbon monday . "
"our view is yes ,  if  .  .  .  . and the key  "" if ""  is that they have to be consistent with wto principles ,  and consistent with each other when implemented . "
"by the time greatest eclipse ,  shortly after 5 : 44 p . m .  et ,  the light of the full moon was replaced by near - total obscurity . "
" "" and yet momose kept on losing money .  "" "
"the focus of the u . s .  presidential race shifts to the mid - atlantic region of the country tuesday ,  with nominating primaries in maryland ,  virginia and washington ,  d . c . "
"“they’re worried about asking questions they think may leave a bad impression , ” says du xiguang ,  professor of chemistry at northeast normal university . "
zuba :  it ' s a traditional coming  -  of  -  age ceremony .  young lions earn their manes by demonstrating their skills . 
"how as a writer ,  i find that african writers"
"talk to friends from other countries ,  try out an ethnic restaurant and speak to the owners in their language ,  or join meet - ups of like - minded language learners . "
"oh ,  i just like to air dry . "
he will spend hour in the bathroom or on the telephone . 
"the law about university asylum i believe is a fantastic achievement of the university movement ,  but we should protect it by not allowing criminal offenses to happen inside . "
you have to be careful of what you wish for . 
and so our quest comes to an end . 
so the final settlement value of ramming - reamed pile foundation and the subjacent bed effected is gotten .  the technology route of study includes visual c +  +  language witch links access database technology and visual basic 6 . 0 language which combines excel and autocad second exploitation technology . 
he was given a gold watch in acknowledgement of his work for the company . 
and was pretty much of a turning point in the war of independence . 
"i’m your host ,  dr .  jeff mcquillan ,  coming to you from the center for educational development in the beautiful city of los angeles ,  california . "
it is found that the northern crest of equatorial anomaly is somewhat around guangzhou and jiangmen with a osscilation to and fro around that position .  the observed periods of gravity waves locally produced are less than 20 -  - 48 minutes and vary with latitudes . 
"here in germany ,  or in the u . k .  ,  and so on . "
"i ' m a 20  -  old boy ,  i call myself a boy just because i have a naivety mind . "
who ' s a good friend of mine .  he ' s a ph . d .  from stanford . 
"so we live in a world of satellite communication , "
"i really wanna be alone ,  sandy . "
"jesse eisenberg and mia wasikowska were photographed in toronto on tuesday ,  their public display of affection going beyond the hand - holding previously seen . "
"in the investigation that followed we were contacted by a russian politician ,  vladimir neski . "
am i still in charge of our defense system ? 
i have to have a medical before going abroad . 
i had nothing to do with it . 
the self - supported flow regulating valve can be approach to eliminate the water power maladjustment in city heat supply system meanwhile realize energy saving
do i look like a fucking immigrant ? 
"sarah felt like a fish out of water ,  because she did not know anyone at the party . "
"21 .  if you are a frequent traveler ,  live out of your toiletry bag and keep it packed . "
the power of a relationship lies with whoever cares less . 
"indeed ,  it was a hectic ,  and unexpected ,  path that led to the photo ,  he explains :   "" i was shooting the game  -  and me and another photographer decided to go . "
listen to this conversation and the language he uses to introduce himself . 
maybe we could go with the papers . 
"if you are a person ,  or a country ,  who is stuck in a situation"
"according to the study ,  mozambique has 27 million hectares of fertile land ,  5 million of which are in production ,  mostly , “concentrated in high areas in the centre and north ,  ”of the country ( inhambane ,  zambezia and niassa )  . "
"on the angolan side ,  the project is located in kuando kubango in southern angola ,  a province that is rich in numerous natural resources that are useful for tourist activities ,  such as safaris ,  hunting ,  and setting up restaurants and camp grounds . "
we just wanna ask a couple questions . 
"gaming sector receipts this year in the sar will give the macau government a 1 . 7 billion euro windfall in indirect and direct taxes ,  lusa reported . "
"they take out of that about 74 percent .  and the poorest 20 percent , "
"the province of kwanza - sul is rich in mica ,  gold ,  quartz ,  iron ,  spa waters and diamonds ,  and covers an area of 58 , 620 square kilometers ,  with an estimated population of 2 . 5 million people . "
i ' m just trying to make my way in the world . 
"this system can be measured and turned into the vertical horizontal crackle of internal and external wall of 5 kinds of specifications of wall barrel of thickness of the wall ,  the depth of the minimum defect is 0 . 046mm ,  zhou xiang ' s resolution ratio is 1 . 27mm ,  the resolution ratio of axial is 1 . 39mm ,  the speed of measuring of each product is 5 . 8 seconds on average . "
and put them on display the next earth day
even if you imagine that this room we are in now
myth 4 :  the best place for me to start looking for an occupation is where employers are doing lots of hiring right now
"what is the emotional response they get to the product , "
"and after all these years ,  still only a field agent ? "
ridiculous .  but what ' s even more ridiculous is that our brains bias us toward believing such people -  -  just because they ' re good - looking . 
"as an excited member of the beginners ' chorus line ,  i was aware of my lowly status . "
chop or crush the cloves to release the allicin  ( a sulfur compound with strong antibiotic effects )  and put them on a sandwich or swallow them in apple sauce . 
the treaty will be the threshold of lasting peace . 
"right now ,  i think it ' s still an issue whether or not consumers are willing to fork out an extra 10 percent for a touchscreen on their computers . "
the transverse fibres or commissure unite the two ganglia of a pair . 
"in the northern hemisphere ,  the western portions of continents are especially favored by the prevailing winds . "
prof dijk ' s team analysed rna - the messenger chemical that delivers coded  ' instructions '  from the genes to cells - in the blood of volunteers .  rna can be used as a tool to measure gene activity . 
but if we look on other parts of our bodies
"i mean ,  the 1 . 21 gigawatts , that don ' t come cheap ,  you know . "
i can control when the fruit will fall . 
"i imagine it rang a bell ,  didn ' t it ? "
it ' s like a voice in my ear . 
"davos instead has been locked in fractious debate about bankers '  bonuses ,  us jobs and the financial implosion of greece . "
"takechiyo ,  the shogun ' s eldest son ,  will succeed his father . "
"as the king of this nation ,  i feel for each and every one of you . "
"then he forgot about it and shook hands with me .  "" "
"confused about whether i was going to pursue the path of entrepreneurship or work for a company after graduation ,  i approached my internship with an open mind . "
"that ' s ok ,  because my mother yells at me ,  i yell at her . "
"i like to play tennis ,  but i’m not a very good player . "
"chinese exports to brazil increased by 44 . 3 percent year on year to us $ 5 . 35 billion ,  accounting for 7 . 28 percent of all imports to brazil . "
high unemployment is not necessarily linked with the rise in prices . 
a man can never have too many nieces . 
the thieves dropped the torch and ran away as quickly as they could . 
do you think the students will plug in to these modem philosophy trend ? 
"they just knew like ,  hey ,  they were going to build calculators"
"and this is mainly because of the fast fashion industry ,  actually . "
"a spokeswoman for carnival films said :  ' the team behind downton abbey applies the highest production values and the programme ' s historical advisor is on hand at all times to ensure that all elements of the production  -  including the set design ,  costumes and any props used  -  are as authentic as possible and in keeping with what was considered appropriate at the time . "
talk to me .  yes .  yes .  you can say yes . 
especially when two of  ' em are in love . 
"“excess refining capacity is leading to higher product supplies domestically .  as a result ,  china is able to pull back on imports . ”"
"and if they come ,  we try to anesthetize ourselves as far as possible .  we assume ,  stubbornly and unquestioningly ,  that permanence provides security and impermanence does not . "
i wanted to create environments that moved and morphed like an illusionist . 
there is no such thing as trust . 
"ed ,  we gotta get in here and change out this 750 ,  asap . "
the shipping weight of this one is approximately 70 kgs . 
perhaps you ' d prefer to avoid the red tape . 
"general allen has denied any wrongdoing ,  and will retain his command position in afghanistan while the probe continues . "
"sorry to dash off ,  but i need to leave now . "
"“you astound me  ! ” mrs .  willoughby said ,  pressing her clasped hands to her lips ,  a gesture she normally bestowed upon seniors who were making their final appearance in the spring choral concert . "
i want you to take danny ' s and my room and we ' il hit the couch . 
she called last night on the house phone . 
a baby albino alligator in the swim at sao paulo ' s aquarium in brazil . 
"i know what it is to be afraid , "
she thought of you as her older brother . 
"a low or narrow space ,  such as one beneath the upper or lower story of a building ,  that gives workers access to plumbing or wiring equipment . "
"one that is employed to look after or take charge of goods ,  property ,  or a person ;  a custodian"
we ' re going to move the car according to that over and over again . 
"nothing against the jewish people ,  mr .  kritzky . "
another chance encounter is when i went to a place
"no it ' s not ,  look in the rear view mirror . "
and it is true that we did have to lock the articles on a couple of occasions . 
"but the federal reserve stepped in with an offer of dollars to brazil ,  mexico ,  singapore and south korea ,  multilateral agencies such as the imf came up with their own help ,  and the fear passed  ( in asia and latin america but not eastern europe )  . "
research presented during a congressional briefing on the psychological benefits of employment and the impact of joblessness revealed long - term unemployment can trigger mental health issues . 
"henry ,  you were a lead balloon long before this porker munched his way to eternity . "
"last year ,  at an autism conference ,  she presented a poster on her work . "
from making that a central tenant of foreign policy ? 
we secured 20 million dollars to build first - phase projects . 
and the kind of interfaces you can build on top of it .  so let ' s see . 
shouldn ' t a man always braid his hair ? 
4 .  “i’m sorry but now is not a good time . 
"soon your feeble canine brains will feel her wrath ,  and dogkind will crumble ! "
my preliminary was supposed to be weeks ago . 
"the elephants will be expected to come up trunks in south africa ,  particularly against the europeans who commanded the old ivory trade . "
"i cannot change the air -  ticket ,  no vacancy ,  so i have to wait and see after christmas . "
please accept this gift in token of our affection for you . 
the lord bless thee and keep thee .  .  . 
"let us say :  “welcome , welcome president bush  ""  . "
"it ' s under a long ,  iron foot walk . "
"nasdaq grants to subscriber a nonexclusive ,  non - transferable license during the term of the agreement to receive and use the information transmitted to it by vendor and thereafter to use such information for any purpose not inconsistent with the terms of the agreement or with the nasd rules . "
"drs .  william murphy ,  george whipple and george minot discover that liver extracts cure pernicious anemia .  in 1934 ,  they share the nobel prize for this work  ( peter bent brigham hospital )  . "
"though a large number of agents had shown significant radiosensitize effect in vivo and in vitro ,  their clinical efficacies are disappointing . "
that would be a shame to discourage such spirited horse flesh . 
it ' s highly probable that they will win the match . 
we would also like to point out that we mainly settleagainst  -  acceptance basis . 
"then i first took this job in hamburg ,  at an art pottery"
and stay home till we know more . 
"first ,  we are going to trade in may rye and we must know something about the history of may rye . "
"this activity may take from three to four months ,  and will evolve in parallel with the  "" define methodology architecture ""  workstream . "
"i think that when that is the focus of your life , "
chevrolet guarantees you that with a warranty . 
the nakedness of thy father ' s wife ' s daughter ， begotten of thy father， she is thy sister ， thou shalt not uncover her nakedness . 
and the relationship to landscape was that of farmers who have been
then you ' re gonna wind up getting yourself killed . 
but carl norden is really the one who cracks the code . 
the dynamics of the food - habits of the moose  ( alces dices )  were studied with the microhistological analysis technique of feces in heihe forest area from 1987 - 1988 . 
to achieve eradication - or anything close to it - new weapons are needed . 
does a mantis shrimp produce if they ' re able to break open snails ? 
imagine being followed undercover by an elephant ! 
" "" if a player casts two apples with the same name .  .  .  ""  only the first vote will count . "
"“if political and military leaders of western europe do not speak out we will delude our people into a false sense of security ,  ""  he said . "
he rode roughshod over all opposition to his ideas . 
you ' re passing upthe chance to explore some new gadget . 
i think i ' ve made a terrible decision . 
the water scarcity is also worsened by the heavy pollution that accompanies china’s economic growth . 
the old woman fell down a flight of stairs . 
"after the graduation ,  focusing on the technical job of food ingredients ,  food additives and nutrients ,  offering technical solution to food industries . "
"the answer ,  from activists and academics who study the human impulse ,  is blunt . "
"hospitalis is a hospital  -  themed restaurant in riga ,  latvia ,  serving food resembling body parts . "
"in mid -  june ,  china rolled out a new currency policy that freed the yuan from its two - year de facto peg to the u . s .  dollar . "
"we actually drilled holes into the ice ,  way deep down below the thawing level , "
you took a job at bain company after you graduated from college .  your time there contrasted with your life as an entrepreneur .  what did you learn at bain — in terms of skills and life lessons — that helped you develop pop ? 
and i don ' t mean that they drop out of school
each year the ice inches its way from the heart of the continent to the see into which it finally melts
breeding centres such as chengdu are needed to stop giant pandas teetering on the edge of extinction . 
"6 .  be kinda weird ,  it ' ll keep you safe for at least 2 seasons . "
"despite persistent pressure from washington ,  chen said he would press ahead with the referendum on whether the island should apply for u . n .  membership under the name taiwan . "
the korean brands said they would reimburse customers for the difference between the actual and stated mileage plus 15 %  for inconvenience :  an average of  $ 88 per owner . 
there is not yet even a science for predicting when faults and volcanoes will let loose . 
she ' il soon be the concubine of an old man . 
" "" that wasn ' t what happened ,  that wasn ' t what you said .  "" "
because the thing you really had on your side was scarcity . 
the next thing that i ' d like to show you is something that
"heavy metal in water sample is determined by the graphite furnace atomic absorption .  the digestion method using nitric acid and oxydol is discussed .  by controlling the reagent and condition , accuracy and precision of result is improved . "
we can ' t create new land and new energy systems at the click of a mouse . 
"this will smooth out the supply chain ,  so in the event of a natural disaster there will be alternative supplies of artemisinin . "
"and then ,  after several weeks of wooing .  .  . "
"it is ,  however ,  usually a drawing ;  it’s not an actual photograph . "
"i saw him go to sermon ,  full of devout zeal ,  strengthening his reason with the ardour of his love . "
"if a spacecraft travels faster than 11 km a second ,  it escapes the earth ' s gravitational pull . "
the russian president’s annexation of crimea has created geopolitical risks that call for a decisive response from a united west . 
her first patient is waiting for her with her husband . 
responses of the conglutination function of achene mucilage in artemisia sphaerocephala and artemisia arenaria to electric field
the radioactive material is stored in a special radiationproof container . 
one of the most important ways this happens is by upwellings of water from the bottom—great churning columns caused by the collision of cold and temperate waters . 
you gotta get down there and straighten this out . 
" "" it is unimaginable that in just seconds ,  pupils and teachers were killed — it is an appalling crime ,  ""  she told reporters ,  adding her feelings were with the families of the victims . "
and i believe also in the future case of maths  -  - 
"the zambeze valley ,  as a source of power of the size it already is ,  but which could be increased in the future ,  is china ' s main interest in mozambique . "
i was actually on my way out . 
"and what they ' re thinking based on what they ' re uploading on the internet , "
"and another engineer thought ,   "" well ,  that would be a really good thing to use "" "
"for a time  , surface and subsurface currents are in opposite directions  ; flow is seaward at the surface and landward nearthe bottom . "
u . s .  president george bush says enough progress is being made in iraq to enable the pentagon to consider further reductions in force levels and cut troop tours . 
today we ' re going to explore how this hospital preserves human life . 
the announcement follows the killing of 34 - year - old gayle williams .  the dual british - south african national was gunned down as she walked to work in a kabul suburb . 
"about trying to keep the virus out ,  which we all know is impossible , "
what knight lives in that castle over there ? 
"whenever he has any kink worry ,  he just hits the bottle . "
don ' t you be cussin '  when we got company over . 
"this paper takes risk control of credit business of smse for regional branches of commercial banks as foothold ,  on the basis of studying smse ' s characters ,  financial situation and credit risk characters ,  it classifies credit demand of smse ,  and then directly studies each type of business ' s risk control strategy and operating practice of commercial banks depending on the classification ,  which covers risk control measures of three periods :  pro -  loan investigation ,  loan examination and post - loan monitoring . "
"threaded throughout the show are works that deal with writing ,  the art form chinese literati most valued .  we see artists variously challenging the power ,  trustworthiness and permanence of words .  in  ' family tree '   ( 2001 )  ,  for instance ,  a series of photographs show the accumulation of characters inked on zhang huan ' s face ,  gradually obliterating his identity . "
"for i say unto you ,  i will not any more eat thereof ,  until it fulfilled in the kingdom of god . "
the new brain is actually kind of easier than the old brain . 
" "" i liked playing against negro league teams ,  ""  paige was quoted as saying ,   "" but i loved barnstorming .  it gave us a chance to play everybody and go everywhere … .  "" "
i told my dad they ' d be here . 
but i would also argue that almost every city
materials taken from the compound by the us commandos included digital thumb drives which us officials believe may have been a principal means by whichcourierscarried electronic messages to and from the al - qaida leader . 
"for what it´s worth ,  i think you could´ve handled the truth . "
"they want you to get a good idea of how things work there .  .  .  before you take the series seven ,  but it ' s a great system . "
he was grooved in running errands for his neighbors . 
"location ,  not latin ,  sometimes figures prominently into the naming of sum oops ! "
"life kang but out of spirits stand ,  imitate a buddha an one condemned to death on the tip of execution yard ,  prepare a to die ,  completely gave up to beg to living the hope for beating the rap . "
"directions :  for this part ,  you are required to write on the topic :  my leisure time .  you should write no less than 80 words . "
"and i just yanked ,  and i yanked ! "
"most employers require an accountant or auditor job candidate to have a bachelor ' s degree in accounting or a related field ,  and others will want the candidate to be certified within a specific field ,  according to the bls .  these professionals make  $ 61 ,  690 ,  on average ,  per year . "
"yao ming carries the national flag for team china during the opening ceremony of the beijing olympic games ,  august 8 ,  2008 . "
"let me in for a second ,  i need to talk . "
"richard :  uh ,  the guy was lou gehrig .  didn ' t you kinda see it coming ? "
she pulled the plug to let out the water . 
"the dog was grubbing about under the bush , looking for a bone . "
"give us this day our daily bread ,  and forgive us our trespasses as we forgive those who trespass against us . "
"she ,  like so many of the women i see at a to z , "
"results there were no significant differences between the lvh group and nlvh group on the 24h abps ,  abps in daytime ,  24h abpd ,  and abpd in daytime . "
"it ' s not something in the human mind .  the human mind can ,  of course ,  appreciate it"
"if i can repeat anything ,  i have the possibility of a pattern"
but none had ever before seen so much money at one time . 
"the first component of the story that i thought was essential ,  however , "
"but in fact ,  if that ' s how you always were you ' d never get any work done"
"when you fail it ' s easy to point out everything you did wrong ,  but that is so discouraging . "
"you can do this while you ' re lying in bed just before you get up ,  in the shower ,  or while driving to work . "
the robber abduct the heiress and hold her to ransom . 
we still have work to do together . 
you ' re putting us in a tight spot . 
"in addition ,  low birth weight ,  protein  -  energy malnutrition ,  anaemia and iodine deficiency reduce children’s ability to learn . "
"he also was the lead researcher in the study .  gary giovino :   "" tobacco contributes an enormous burden to the health care system in developed countries ,  and that scenario will play out in the not - too - distant future in low -  and middle - income countries . "
"8 .  take a shower .  literally ,  cool down .  you would feel actually refreshed and rejuvenated after getting cleaned - up ,  not only physically but also psychologically .  more or less ,  you would feel like you are taking on the day with a fresh start .  now ,  that is one way of tricking yourself into the mood . "
the fellow that owns his own house is always just coming out of a hardware store . 
"he also offered condolences to the families of protesters killed over the past few days ,  but said the military had not fired a single shot on egyptian citizens . "
the old lady was clad in a fur coat . 
"i want you to take the money yourself .   $ 10 , 000 in small bills . "
"kids get sick with mental illness ,  birth defects ,  cancer . "
"it found that a majority of english respondents  -  -  93 percent  -  -  would give up food for a week to see england win ,  while some 70 percent of italians would give up their job for an italian victory . "
i felt the neurological flow of life itself returning . 
perfect tax legislation is the foundation of the rule of law . 
objective to moving historical tomb lustrous of plague and solve unreasonable and not the civilization seized land problem to hinder economic construction by science means . 
"and i say ,   "" your job is not to be perfect . "
"sina board of directors henceforth will more unite ,  sufficient accredit . "
i will become the next king of england . 
"we must take five ,  ten minutes to do what we call  "" make over ""  that person  -  - "
i ' m a tallyman of this hatch .  are you a quartermaster ? 
as the girl who liked blueberry pies
"i ' m curious ,  show of hands ,  who agrees with it ? "
"you get up and you talk about your work , "
take the 500 note and go get one for her . 
not even a mother could love that face . 
"but from february to may of that year ,  we started shipping iron ore ,  and by the end of the year ,  i had generated enough cash to pay back the money that they lent . "
"first ,  about the 5s in particular :  what i like best is its '  burst mode ,   ' which can take 10 shots a second ,  thereby eliminating shutter lag . "
this was me running around in the back garden mid - summer . 
"from december 1985 to december 1989 ,  130447 perinatal newborn were surveyed ,  in which 3309 cases were dead and 882 cases were autopsied ,  502 in 882 autopsy cases  ( 56 . 91 %  )  were malformed . "
"ok ,  give me one more look at the painting . "
"fan xg ,  peng xn ,  huang y ,  et al .  helicoacter species ribosomal dna recovered from the liver tissue of chinese patients with primary hepatocellular carcinoma [ j ]  .  clin infect dis ,  2002 ,  35 : 1555 . "
"now ,  all of you in this room ,  in one form or other , "
"rock ,  r & b ,  country ,  disco ,  punk ,  hip hop are all specific genres of music that have influencedbeen incorporated into pop music over the past 50 years . "
"president bush says america has taken  "" unprecedented actions ""  to protect itself since the terrorist attacks of september 11th ,  2001 ,  but he says much work still remains .   "" there are still governments that sponsor and harbor terrorists  -  -  but their number has declined .  there are still regimes seeking weapons of mass destruction  -  -  but no longer without attention and without consequence .  our country is still the target of terrorists who want to kill many ,  and intimidate us all  -  -  and we will stay on the offensive against them ,  until the fight is won ,  ""  he said . "
"well ,  i think that roz and bernie seem like very nice people . "
"some of my friends saw them in the forest ,  some saw them through the fire ,  i myself only felt them ,  but we all pretty much agreed on one thing ,  they were not friendly . "
"i would like you to be present ,  please ,  when i examine her . "
" "" well ,  that ' s long life and small family ,  and third world is short life and large family .  "" "
to look up into the night sky and be much more  -  - 
"well ,  how much trust do you place in government policies to control housing prices in 2010 ? "
"you decode what you want to fold up into , "
he threw my towels out the window . 
he was nine years old and being treated for severe malnutrition . 
real zaragoza defender roberto ayala is backing his old teammates -  and coach -  at valencia to shake - off their poor home form . 
what do you need to hear ?  go home to your wife  -  - 
the last and most common form of love is sexual attraction and passion . 
"often ,  computers will have special “transformers , ” an electrical device that makes sure that the machine is getting the exact correct amount of power . "
feeling my parents '  unease rising i struggled to focus on driving and stave off panicked thoughts that i was insane to drag my folks to such a remote spot . 
"if you begin the day with a cold bath ,  it ' s easier to remain cool . "
"brief biography :  taylor schilling  ( born july 27 ,  1984 )  is an american actress .  she is best known forportraying piper chapman in the netflix original series orange is the new black  ( 2013 – present )  .  taylor made her film debutgetword  (  "" debut ""  )  ;  on dark matter  ( 2007 )  ,  where she starred alongsidegetword  (  "" alongside ""  )  ;  meryl streep .  she has also starred as veronica flanagan callahan in the short - lived nbc medical drama mercy  ( 2009 – 2010 )  ,  dagny taggart in atlas shrugged :  part i  ( 2011 )  ,  christine mendez in argo  ( 2012 )  ,  and beth green in the lucky one  ( 2012 )  .  for her role in orange is the new black ,  she has won the satellite award for best actress in a television series – musical or comedy and has been nominated for the golden globe award for best actress in a television series – drama and the primetime emmy award for outstanding lead actress in a comedy series . "
"after seven days ,  the grouted mortar will have concreted ,  then we shall tighten anchor bolts . "
this paper introduces the digital algorithm to improve the pid control using arithmetical averaging filtering and first order low pass filtering .  the result of simulation is also illustrated . 
and i’il spend it how i choose . 
i no longer care about you at all ! 
"at its 32nd meeting ,  on 20 october 1993 ,  the committee considered section 8 of the proposed programme budget for the biennium 1994 - 1995 .  "" "
"the presentation of proposals follows the launch of the maputo - witbank ( south africa )  ,  which was handed over to the trans - african concessions consortium ( trac )  . "
"that ' s how i got the deviated septum ,  remember ? "
"in the novel "" tibetan mastiffs ""  , yang zhijun not only describes the magical and magnificent natural scenery and the mysterious and wild tibetan culture , but embodies the simplicity of human personality and the tibetan mastiff selflessly to creates unique and rich cultural . "
kgs should only report the actual cashflow of that school year . 
and i think it ' s the way we ' re going to change the way the world sounds . 
"now ,  here ' s the virgin mary made her appearance on a cheese sandwich  -  - "
"i remember once he talked about the national revolution ,  a messenger a great importance . "
the first thing that you need to do when you have an undeciphered script
in the ninth year we have challenged the cost and constructed the appropriate experience curve . 
and make sure that it was a consumer product and not a research tool . 
"even as they strive to clamber up the corporate ladder ,  many are so drained by the effort that they are burning out . "
"well ,  well ,  someone ' s entered the cooler room . "
"if necessary ,  you may even want to dig into some facts and show clients the results of studies to back you up ;  there are plenty of usability studies and articles on the web to help you make your case . "
"it is a foundation which ensures all human rights to ensure the right of freedom of person ,  we should use the successful experience of japan for reference to perfect the custody system of our country :  set up the judicial custody censorship ,  fully ensure the right to defence of the suspect and defendant ,  shorten the time limit of custody ,  and finally establish the relief system that the suspect of our country is arrested . "
he put together two different media from different periods of time . 
"another important factor rings clear in your query .  your descriptions of the  "" last - minute flight ""  and preoccupation with the time constraints are clear explanations of why your mind was elsewhere .  with all that going on ,  you were obviously relieved to find the answer to your confusion in your planner ,  so the rest of your brain relaxed .  with less stress ,  you probably won ' t experience this again . "
the friendly relationship between china and tanzania is an all - weather one . 
"now ,  the true history of stark name will be written . "
"as they say ,  everyone makes mistakes .  in many situations ,  you can correct your error or just forget about it and move on .  making a mistake at work ,  however ,  can be more serious .  it can have a dire effect on your employer .  it may ,  for example ,  endanger a relationship with a client ,  cause a legal problem or put people ' s health or safety at risk .  repercussions will ultimately trickle down to you .  simply correcting your mistake and moving on may not be an option .  when you make a mistake at work your career may depend on what you do next . "
"many after  - shave lotions and moisturizers have a sunscreen  ( usually spf 15 or greater )  already in them ,  and this is sufficient for everyday activities with a few minutes here and there in the sun . "
"honestly ,  no .  and i thought it ' d be better to talk away from the campaign chaos . "
this way of actually trying to figure out what happened for myself
"depending on the intensity of the deforming forces the folds may be gentle ,  sharp ,  overturned ,  or overthrust . "
"an  "" easy touch ""  or a  "" soft touch ""  is someone who is kind and helpful . "
"i saw this guy on the side of the road , "
"since financial institutions are powerfully interconnected ,  the government cannot credibly commit itself to not rescuing the system when in peril . "
"ladies ,  i am sure many of you have had that man in your life who just could not commit to you .  no matter what you said or did ,  he just seems to drag his feet .  yes ,  sometimes it really is hard for men to commit to a relationship and i am sure that leaves many women wondering why . "
their android app uses machine learning and image recognition that takes place right on your phone to alert you when you’re chatting your way right into an oncoming smash - up . 
this aluminium coin was replaced in 1959 by a bronze version with three edelweiss flowers . 
it was even more against our interest to permit the soviet union to overwhelm or to humiliate cuba . 
"our memory ballooning strategy is designed to prevent host swapping ,  instead directing memory pressure onto the guests . "
"a charm ,  fetish ,  spell ,  or curse holding magic power for adherents of voodoo . "
"gets the files in the file table of assembly manifest ,  specifying whether to include resource modules . "
"this is one where we seem to stand alone ,  on this one  -  - "
"when gabriel stoian roamed his beijing university campus 10 years ago ,  people stared at him .  passersby even whispered about his odd appearance and accent . "
these are just some of the households that we ' ve done in the intel studies . 
which was found buried near the gate of a city . 
"brave roca ,  sacrificed himself ,  for the sake of rescuing the savior and frade . "
objective :  to investigate the expression of hla ?  dr and cd 45 ro in the lesions of allergic contact dermatitis  ( acd )  . 
"they somehow choose the direction that the foragers will go , "
he was dismissed from the service for his careless behaviors . 
"at the beginning of february covec finished building luanda ' s general hospital ,  financed by the chinese government ,  at a cost of us $ 8 million and took 15 months to build using 90 percent local labor . "
tens of thousands of egyptians are gathered in cairo and across the country to protest against the verdicts on the former president hosni mubarak and his co - defendants . 
the well generalization of this method is analyzed and validated by roc performance curve . 
do you recall how i coaxed you to bath last time ? 
"she was gonna wait for me ,  alfred . "
"who whenever he was mounted would buck just like that , "
"clear goals and planning much like a trip ,  it’s a lot easier to get where you want to go if you know where you’re going and spend the time to plan the route you’ll take to get there . "
spending a day on theslopeslearning to ski can be tiring work as this little boy recently discovered . 
"it is an apt metaphor for the woman herself .  six months ago ,  lagarde strode into the history books in her courts when she was named the first - ever female managing director of the imf ,  replacing dominique strauss - kahn ,  her french predecessor .  it was an ascent marred by controversy .  strauss - kahn was forced to resign earlier this year amid a sex scandal involving a new york hotel maid .  and when lagarde was initially proposed as his replacement ,  many emerging market countries complained – with some justification – that it looked outdated to give france the  "" right ""  to provide another imf head .  after all ,  these days it is countries such as brazil and china that are providing growth in the global economy .  and lagarde seems ill - placed to act as a neutral player in respect to the imf ' s biggest current headache :  the eurozone .  her last job was to serve as french finance minister ,  where she also scored another  "" first ""  ,  being the first female in that role in any group of seven  ( g7 )  country .  that leaves her enmeshed in the mess . "
what ' s going to happen about the guys ? 
"a day earlier theprime minister ,  manmohan singh ,  had been rebuffed after begging mr hazare tocall off the fast for the sake of his health and a “shared” goal of wiping outcorruption . "
"results showed the pup ' s weights of body ,  liver and brain in the passive smoking groups were significantly lighter than that of the control group . "
" "" in case … ""  is an idiomatic phrase that we use when we talk about taking precautions . "
that each skin of the onion shows a similarity to the adjoining skins . 
"we need to give our best guess as to the time frame , "
"china mainly sold electronic products ,  machines ,  optical equipment and instruments and bought soy ,  iron ore and oil from brazilian companies . "
"think back on the past calendar year .  what would you like to see different in 2014 ?  and what are the smallest possible changes that could bring those results ?  here ,  five suggestions of potentially painless asks that could bring big rewards in 2014 . "
the english language is full of food idioms to cover most situations . 
skin lesions are spreading all over his body . 
everything just seems to be going wrong . 
objective to understand the distribution and ecology characteristics of culex tritaeniorhynchus in pudong international airdrome . 
" "" we had a lot of fun in those days ,  ""  he said . "
"the international organization for migration reports more than 4 , 000 families or some 24 , 000 people have returned to their former homes in baghdad ' s eastern sadr city in recent weeks .  this ,  despite sporadic clashes between iraqi forces and insurgents . "
"peter ,  it ' s been on the market for three weeks .  .  . "
"some people like to try to do things by themselves ,  without the instruction manual ;  other people like to read the manual first before trying to connect the machine ,  or use the machine . "
"we ' ve got to think about all these different kinds of minds , "
mike hit the nail head in his speech on the demerits of the existing housing policy . 
"when you want less ,  it ' s because it ' s about work . "
“it is actually far more practical to think in terms of the 80 - 20 rule and focus ruthlessly on doing things that have the greatest impact . ”
"but i ' ve been working here in the u . s .  for some time and i realize people find it hard to pronounce .  they haven ' t heard it before .  "" "
i don ' t think youshould sleep in the steam tunnels . 
how else could they lean on big firms to support the economy in times like these ? 
a survey of the property showed that the northern boundary was not correct . 
"apart from practical issues ,  many lovers are choosing to work together because they can discuss problems with someone who truly understands them . "
"joaquim vieira said that ,  following this inaugural route ,  servisair would start flying to ondjiva ( cunene province )  ,  cabinda ,  saurimo ( luanda sul province )  and menongue ( kuando kubango province )  . "
"“we have beaten them in every aspect of the game ,  ” he said of rival gene hunters at american and british universities . "
a castle set on a crag above the village
"maybe you can ' t quit your full - time job ,  but there are aspects of your life where you can call it quits . "
"what you need to know ,  to find out if you ' re sick , "
look for non - verbal cues such as facial expressions and posture to get the fullgistof what the speaker is telling you . 
"refactoring is closely related to factoring ,  or what is now referred to as using design patterns . "
"you learn from your mistakes ,  and you continuously improve . "
"i want to share with you my latest hero ,  julian sanchez , "
"joanne herring :  charlie ,  i want you to defeat the soviet union ,  and end the cold war . "
"the important thing is ,  i ' ll be sixteen next week .  that ' s the age of consent . "
we heard the plump of the frogs as we approached the pond . 
and have learned that certain types of cars with the blinkers on for half a minute
that doesn ' t sound like a superhero to me . 
she would dearly love to see her childhood friend again . 
"we sleep in the bedroom ,  and pablo ' s cousin here in the living room . "
"you ' re a little neurotic ,  you know ? "
"francis is inscribed along both sides of this unique twist bangle bracelet ,  crafted in shiny sterling silver . "
"after waiting for two months with nothing else happening ,  luca reported to the don that obviously sollozzo was taking his defeat graciously . "
you tell me what my story is . 
"the total cost ,  excluding gratuity ,  be閿 ? 520 . 00 per person for the6 - night trip . "
set a timer– the timer can be both a boundary and amotivator . 
"men are far more likely to tell lies than women ,  researchers have revealed . "
young women who live in areas with high maternal mortality
"a defendant who has been judged by a people ' s court to undertake a specific administrative act anew must not ,  based on the same fact and reason ,  undertake a specific administrative act essentially identical with the original act . "
they make it possible for people to get ahead and to realise their ambitions . 
"the downturn in the real estate sector is expected to deepen ,  the result of deliberate government policy .   ' in my view prices were too high in 2010 and in some cities they have risen 30 %  since then ,  '  said mr .  fan ,  suggesting that a marked correction in prices is required before prices come into line with income . "
"but post - war austria stayed nervy and vengeful ,  declaring him an “enemy of the republic” . "
translucent paper is usually better than does not contain non  -  coated paper pulp harder and more square . 
"as the development committee recognized ,  working closely with the board ,  we must engage with all of our partners on this important issue . "
"the country is years behind its competitors in the auto industry as a whole ,  but when it comes to green technology ,  everyone is starting from scratch . "
"according to the current practice of teaching electronics and information engineering , thought of reforming practice teaching is set forth in order to impart knowledge ,  cultivate students ' abilities , and improve their all - round development . "
"on the brazilian side ,  the director general of aneel said ,  there was interest in attracting chinese investment to increase the sector ' s investment capacity and competition in the supply of equipment such as large turbines ,  which are now mainly bought from european manufacturers . "
"“the role of our executive is to lead ,  direct and manage the met office effectively in order to ensure a successful delivery of the aims ,  objectives and targets .  .  .  the members .  .  .  operate as a corporately cohesive collective with a shared interest in the successful achievement of our aims  .  .  . ”"
for this it is essential that we at least get an undisturbed 30 - minute session of meditation and that is possible only when nobody disturus during meditation . 
"after a few years ,  they set up shop in london under the guise of helen and peter kroger ,  antique booksellers . "
it mimics the rush of speeding subatomic particles that an exploding atom bomb spews out in its first microseconds . 
" "" on april 24 ,  a bread company in mexico produced the world ' s biggest sandwich ,  filled with ham ,  cheese ,  lettuce and mayonnaise .  "" "
there was a first court what imprisoned calypso . 
"so at the end of the game ,  you just roll up the goal and put it in your gym bag . "
simply approving the construction of the bridge does not in and of itself cause damage to that bridge or any resulting traffic problems . 
that i was part of something bigger than myself . 
so i ' d like to show you the top four priorities
"not only did the six week window fail to stack up ,  in some cases the best fares were on sale as long as 24 weeks before departure . "
"control center calling pelham 123 .  yhy did you stop ,  123 ? "
but it is also making a new passenger jet with help from general electric company and other us aerospace companies . 
3 .  brainstorm with a couple of colleagues on how to make the office run better . 
what it shows is that we do roughly about 60 percent
unexpectedness :  if an event is out of the ordinary it will have a greater effect than something which is an everyday occurrence . 
"which means he´s off scot - free ,  and so am i . "
"that ,  or the unfortunate rodent was allergic to the flower ' s pollen brought out by the changing seasons and was just about to sneeze . "
she graduated from ford hamilton high school in brooklyn in 1963 . 
if you can find a car that ' s still got a live battery
robert full :  it ' ll go on different surfaces  -  -  here ' s sand  -  - 
"arturo corral ,  one of google ' s test drivers ,  said weather is still a challenge .  in heavy rain ,  the system asks drivers to take back control of the car ,  corral said .  google has not tested the vehicles in snow yet . "
"apparently not .  harcombe allows that vegetables are a great addition to the diet — if served in butter to deliver the fat - soluble vitamins they contain — but ¬fructose ,  the fruit sugar in fruit ,  goes straight to the liver and is stored as fat . "
"how do you like being a gangster ' s moll ,  baby ? "
"and as you saw just about a month ago , "
"our customers pay20 coins for every message .  .  .  no matter how far we have to carry it ,  so go fast . "
i shall sacrifice a hundred bulls to honor your triumph . 
this is gonna help us get back on his good side . 
"and ,  you know ,  so he took me under his wing ,  and he encouraged me . "
the amount of eye contact you get with that physical face
taylor told her mother that she wanted to buy 500 teddy bears for kids with cancer . 
"hey ,  i ' m a reporter from the voice . "
"rob :  hmm ,  li you ' ve certainly taught me a lot about sailing today – there are some really good expressions – but one thing you haven ' t taught me is how to sail this boat . "
and there are ten - to - the - twelfth trees on pandora . 
no room for tourists on these jobs . 
"bring to the boiling point ,  add the previously cooked carrot and barley ,  worcestershire ,  ketchup ,  and salt and pepper to taste ,  then simmer for ten minutes longer . "
i shall now demonstrate a simple walk . 
"he says she could be “angry , ” meaning mad ,  when you don’t like something very much . "
ain´t no place l´d rather be than with you
"and i give you my word ,  here and now , "
"you should go and pump your tires ,  they are already flat . "
"which trails a fishing line ,  which gets over a branch in the tree , "
just talk about the same things that you talked about here tonight . 
"if new standards exist ,  data should be mapped to those new standards through mapping values ,  against a lookup table ,  or based on a defined pattern or algorithm . "
"then break the damn naval code ,  captain .  .  .  so i can make a better decision . "
"you mean ,  he reaches in and pulls this stuff out ? "
"third ,  monetary policy provided stimulus despite continued disarray in the banking system . "
su zhen - zhong *  ;  xian zhi - xiong ;  chai li - ping ;  jiang ai - yun ;  luo fu - tian .   * department of otorhinolaryngology ;  first affiliated hospital ;  sun yat - sen university ;  guangzhou 510080 ;  china ; 
"show up to meetings on time .  someone thought your opinion on a topic might be interesting ,  so you should take that as a compliment .  you owe it to them to attend and pay attention .  don ' t stare at your phone or laptop ,  unless necessary .  sometimes things pop up that require your focus to shift to an urgent issue .  if that happens ,  apologize or excuse yourself . "
"and these heroes ,  they come from every walk of life , "
"“to be marilyn monroe ,  to be what people expected ,  to be that open and sexual and gorgeous ,  it takes an incredible amount of effort . "
"and this is the same thing ,  money down there ,  and health ,  you know ? "
have at it you radical bastards .  the field is yours . 
a good teacher should be able to infect his students with his own keenness for his subject . 
"i ,  that loved you ,  and often with my quill . "
"and although women and girls are by far the most common victims ,  men and boys are also frequently assaulted . "
" "" he wouldn ' t put the heat on in his house .  when the police found him he was in his chair dead with his overcoat .  i asked if the fire was on and they said no ,  i didn ' t think it would have been . "
you are not taking down the barnett newman
the film script of snail with shell off was finished in 2001 . 
and to play around with the social complexity of their lives . 
but you should probably get a suit . 
"many of our favorite summer foods are far from healthy — hot dogs and s ' mores around the campfire ,  barbecue and beer by the grill ,  burgers and nachos at the baseball park . "
"other firms are trying ice breakers to bring workers closer together .  david rose ,  a researcher at mit ' s media lab ,  has teamed up with the design firm gensler and exhibit - design firm tellart to design a series of interactive installations expected to be set up later this year in the portland and san francisco offices of tech firm salesforce .  comcrm  +  1 . 09 %  and eventually in other companies as well . "
it allows you to be open - mindedand lets you think about .  .  .  other parts of the language that maybe you weren ' t necessarily thinkin ' about . 
that ' s whythey just broke out of prison . 
"am i right ,  or am i right ,  estrellita ? "
"at its 25th meeting ,  on 14 october 1993 ,  the committee considered section 24 of the proposed programme budget for the biennium 1994 - 1995 .  "" "
"the limb hitting the load cell ,  and the second impact is actually"
happiness is being able to look back with prides and forward with hope . 
"before the introduction ,  let everybody understand roughly first western air route system . "
the first one is that people have no idea
so we get this idea of what the primal universe looked like . 
"now ' s the time ,  to dig down deep folks . "
"and i sort of presented myself to them in the doorway ,  and they said , "
"gm looks set to accept moral ,  if not legal ,  responsibility . "
"how hath the lord covered the daughter of zion with a cloud in his anger ,  and cast down from heaven unto the earth the beauty of israel ,  and remembered not his footstool in the day of his anger ! "
"the venture involved intrigue ,  lies ,  nemesis — and no end of a lesson . "
police warned bystanders to keep away from the blazing building . 
he sang  &  quot ;  yang guan san die  &  quot ;  while he played the ancient chinese zither . 
" "" some of  [ the small ]  brained species are lucky enough to find niches in urban habitats that are by coincidence a pretty good approximation of their original habitat ,  ""  he said . "
"in the south ,  it is served warm with ginger and coconut water . "
it turned blue because of the genes we put in it . 
"it is reported ,  wife peng gu ni of peng richeng  ( transliteration )  once was a striptease woman . "
"based on conventional capacitance - type initiator ,  the fd - 100z numerical capacitance - type initiator with the function of automatically measuring the full electric resistance of blasting circuit has been developed ,  which is small ,  lightweight and simple in operation ,  has indicator of electrical source ,  attractive appearance ,  low power consumption ,  and got chinese patent . "
"asian stock markets have risen for a second consecutive day on optimism that government rescue efforts will heal the stricken global financial system .  japanese stocks soared by 14 percent .  in australia ,  investors were encouraged by prime minister kevin rudd ' s plan to spend billions of dollars to strengthen the economy . "
i ' m gonna fucking do all the heroin in the fucking world . 
"so ,  if we want to succeed in life ,  we must be brave to win . "
"they say that shit when you die of old age ,  not from being shot ,  you stupid - ass motherfucker . "
you came all the way out here to tell me that ? 
at that time the bank clerks will no longer be required to count bank notes . 
and if anyone is concerned about what i believe
mexican epiphytic orchid having pale green or yellow - green flowers with white purple - veined lip . 
that there were many problems that technology could not solve . 
"oh ,  you know ,  isaac ,  did you know that ,  talking about stalinism"
"according to conditions ,  smear some liquid on affected part for 3  -  5 minutes . "
"political multi  -  polarity ,  cultural diversity and balanced economic development provide pillars for such an environment . "
"in terms of tourism ,  macau and fujian plan to boost promotional events for the two territories ,  by organizing tours based on the a - ma goddess ,  from the 17th century ,  whose name is the origin of the word macau . "
"and he still has that adorable hover manoeuvre ,  frantically kicking his legs in mid - air ,  groaning with effort to keep himself afloat . "
"with his shirt and tie on ,  while we are still in our pjs . "
"if you can ' t find one lying around your dad ' s workbench ,  the local hardware store sells them for a few bucks apiece . "
"and turn it into a problem that someone else has solved , "
am i not good - looking enough for you or some shit ? 
"fio 2 ,  pip ,  abg ,  hr ,  and bp were all recorded . "
objective to investigate pathogen lose existing or not in patients with radiation mucositis . 
"however ,  the defender made rapid progress and he played an hour against reading ' s reserves . "
you see a sign - in desk you wanna avoid . 
he decided to keep off alcohol after the accident . 
and you can do that ;  you can tweak the viruses
"he says on the whole ,  the six countries agreed to continue diplomatic efforts and work in a creative way to seek a comprehensive ,  durable and proper solution to the iranian nuclear issue . "
and what i felt about that building is that it really was a building
"one contributor to seymour pierce ' s website wrote :  “like most people who are really good at what they do ,  his passion for his work was palpable . ” his daughter ,  too ,  spoke with pride at how much he had enjoyed work as well as family life . "
"not only can coffee make you smarter in the short term ,  it may also protect your brain in old age . "
"although the vast majority of icebergs come from the antarctic region ,  icebergs found in the north atlantic ,  including the one that sank the titanic ,  come mostly from the coast of greenland . "
"how do you know that an anosognosic patient is really in denial ,  or oblivious ,  or indifferent to his  /  her paralysis ? "
now this is a key number from the copyright mathematicians '  toolkit . 
i never told anybody .  this is the first thing .  this could be history . 
the rules expired in 2002 and congress is considering whether to reinstate them . 
the heat production in rocks due to radioactivity is highest in the acid rocks and lowest in the ultra - basic rocks . 
"the following alternative remedies ,  when paired with your regular antihistamine ,  may relieve allergy symptoms"
"typing  "" sell your body for cash ""  into an internet search engine is not an activity for the faint  - hearted . "
"at yesterday ' s show ,  i heard some guy .  .  .  askjim about that woman who disappeared ,  and -  - "
“you do not remark that you do not have enough food . 
i know a guy who can set it all up . 
a slump could drag down other sectors such as steel production . 
"while mary was writing a letter ,  the children were playing outside . "
people in the past had no access to such health  -  building facilities . 
for what want to aim at me not ? 
there are only several hints from the book . 
"and he would say ,  listen ,  i know i gave you that huge pill , "
"the conclusion sums up the major points of the thesis and points out that a study of ellison ' s application of the folk cultural forms in invisible man ,  which are transmitted mainly in verbal forms ,  helps the readers to fully understand the profound black culture . "
" ' cause by then ,  it ' s not important in your life any longer . "
he really likes being in the bag . 
"representatives of roche group introduced the company ' s history ,  organizational structure and company culture . "
the gradual and piecemeal change was welcomed by most people . 
rising temperatures in the indian ocean create conditions that pull moisture away from east africa . 
maybe the grown  -  up oliver and abigail will program web  -  enabled barrettes or quilt with scraps of berber tents . 
"and ,  a year later ,  the u . s .  president ' s emergency plan for aids relief ,  or pepfar ,  was launched by then - president george w .  bush . "
"you know ,  try making some charts like this at home . "
"let go of some loose trappings of my old life , "
"and i don ' t know if you ' ve ever heard a goat ,  or seen one  -  - "
"so we see the galaxy and fixate on that ,  but it ' s actually a cloud of dark matter"
the new computer has arrived but it won ' t be up and running until next week . 
"but it ' s ok that even though you ' re not hypnotized , "
a boy rushed into the classroom in the middle of the exam . 
he represented that he had fought in the huai hai campaign . 
you ' ve been the cur that let these wolves to our door . 
"all this compute power to apply to make things do the right things , "
and so one of the things we ' ve been doing
"this is an adult size ,  heavy  -  duty ,  new ,  stunning antique finish urn . "
"flashback to michael ' s office ,  he ' s sitting at his desk looking over the schematics for a set of bleachers . "
"i did a little research ,  spoke to a couple of my contacts at the met , "
chances are you ` ve seen them yourself and didn ` t know it -  -  on the subway or in a bar . 
he has moved up from marshalls to bloomingdale ' s . 
"and so ,  i ' m here to tell you ,  you don ' t need a computer"
he doesn ' t needto know initial sell limits . 
make friday really busy .  go grocery shopping before you come home from work – even if that means that on fridays you either eat a late dinner or go out to eat .  get the stuff out of the way that you know needs to be taken care of  ( and has no set time when you have to do so )  before you settle in at home for the night . 
"and they get together a special solution ,  a chemical solution called king ' s water , "
the therometers we use in everyday life are designed around this property of matter . 
i ' m gonna go next door and get my casio . 
is that they lack what psychologists and anthropologists call
"and although i was resigned to it ,  the beast in me was not . "
"you’ll return for the launch on the 25th ,  and you’re welcome to stick around for up to an extra 24 hours if the launch is delayed by bad weather or sabotage . "
the doctor gave him some medicine to abate the pain . 
"a survey on “workplace cell phone ring tones” by zhaopin . com in march ,  2009 ,  asked around 5 , 000 respondents what ring tones they found most annoying . "
"this necklace of mine is not very expensive ,  it is 18  -  karat gold . "
now the good news is some of this work has already begun
"but italy threatens all that :  rather than acting as a dam and reservoir for migrants ,  it would rather be a weir ,  allowing the human flow to pass over it . "
" "" in 30 years ,  it will be as easy to ask a computer a question"
"there are about 1 ,  000 species in the united states ,  canada ,  and central america .  their attraction to sweat makes them a nuisance ,  as they will sting if squeezed or squashed against one ' s flesh . "
about the heroics of new yorkers that i found very moving . 
"mr .  martinez moved around and up the poll with the athleticism of an accomplished gymnast ,  twisting ,  turning and pivoting with balletic grace . "
"do me a favor ,  forget about those guys . "
"my god ,  you are ,  like ,  totally peer - pressuring me . "
"ludo ,  in the closet you ' re standing in . "
in the sense that i don ' t usually tell my own stories . 
"well ,  ho hsiu  -  mei and lu hsiao  -  pao were walking along together quarrelling . "
"he allots the imposts ,  taxes each person conscientiously ,  judges quarrels for nothing ,  divides inheritances without charge ,  pronounces sentences gratuitously ; "
wave a red flag on your return
"santana carlos ,  who is leaving beijing to become ambassador to the united kingdom ,  and will be replaced saturday by rui quartin santos ,  told portuguese news agency lusa in an interview that“in political terms ,  the most important thing is to apply the conditions set out in the joint declaration that defines the strategic partnership between portugal and china . ”"
"that means ,  they stand by passively waiting to buy or sell from whoever comes into the market needing to trade . "
"you ' d imagine that the room would be alive with a babble of voices ,  but it ' s not . "
"the prime minister says the authorities are now trying to trace the airplane across two possible  "" corridors ,  "" "
"your phone number on the back ,  please . "
i ' ve loved you since i met you .  .  .  but i wouldn ' t allow myself to truly feel it until today . 
"i woke up ,  they opened the door ,  i went out to get some fresh air , "
"for example ,  many medical workers are convinced that the number of emergency cases increases during a full moon . "
"come on ,  new kid ,  get in there ! "
"although ,  to be sure ,  the reputation system ,  at the moment , "
"ok ,  the control questions show stress ,  and the key questions show stress as well as the baseline questions . "
"for us to willing to change our entire belief system ,  we must see that the new one can make our lives happier and more filled with peace and joy . "
"instead of tracking included use cases separately from the other use cases ,  we grouped them in whichever package logically included their function . "
researchers have attempted to isolate those germ - fighting chemicals and make them suitable for development into new antibiotics . 
the development history of deep cryogenic treatment of meals is retrospected and the change in properties of the workpieces due to deep cryogenic treatment as well as the investigation of improvement of workpieces properties dice to deep cryogenic treatment and its mechanism at home and abroad are also introduced briefly . 
"if the intellectual property rights holder fails to lodge a lawsuit to the people ' s court within a reasonable time ,  the customs shall refund the guaranty bond . "
"these bastards aren ' t taking us , not without a fight . "
"distribution and control in applying the funding will be carried out through the chamber of commerce ,  industry ,  agriculture and services in partnership with the sao tome and principe ministry of the economy . "
"however ,  i attempted not to reveal this ,  as i sat with clenched fists upon that armchair ,  gazing into the leaping flames opposite my position in that library . "
some boxes from a dead project went missing . 
hey .   .  .  . and they will takemy entire fee in cash
i was pretty drunk at the graduation party but i remember clearly
"but this is part of the game ,  this is part of the champions . "
we plan to bring all these mountain slopes under cultivation . 
"there are 4 modular elements to the sofa ;  the seat ,  backrest ,  armrest and cushions . "
"in middle schools ,  one of the tasks in the chinese teaching is letting students derive the best in chinese culture ,  and making them become the best successors in our socialist construction . "
the key here is to compliment things beyond the physical – although telling your partner they look great can ' t hurt . 
they fought five times between 1942 and 1945 . 
"again ,  though ,  do your research by talking to professors and other students about the quality of a department . "
the hard thing about name  -  dropping is to avoid being too obvious about it . 
and as we know what will happen that the water will pass up the pipe and down on the right hand side . 
everything is so messy since the new broom started working here . 
morphology method were usually used to observe characteristic of brassica napus hybrids and their parents in seed identification and purity . 
bariatric surgery can lead to weight loss in the long term . 
the most troubling similarity between 1914 and now is complacency . 
"participated in the acccim trade and investment mission to mauritius ,  organized by acccim . "
"for more information about nne ,  please visit our website . "
the deer was peppered with shot all down one side . 
"this one is our target ,  sauvage ' s headquarters ,  next to city hospital . "
"in recent years ,  the world has changed because so many people now use computers ,  mobile phones and other kinds of electronic devices . "
" ( 6 )  theannual effective dose equivalent from natural γ radiation ,  cosmic ray andnatural penetrating radiation was 0 . 46 ,  0 . 30 and 0 . 76 msv ,  respectively , and correspondingly ,  the annual collective effective dose equivalent was1 . 2 ,  0 . 77 and 2 . 0×10 ~ 4 man .  sv ,  respectively . "
"we are also put in mind of how the war is ,  in fact ,  anything but a revel ,  though it ,  too ,  may have been provoked by a cause as insignificant and hard to trace as  "" some wizard vermin  .  "" "
"i had a small incident ,  baby . "
"the culture is strong because they go to great lengths to hire people who  "" belong  .  "" "
runners are required to collect the timing chips and number cloths upon registration on race day . 
i don ' t want to hear all the piddling little details !  . 
"in october 1955 ,  a merchant vessel named mv joyita set sail from samoa for a two - day voyage to tokelau islands ,  carrying 25 people and a cargo of timber and empty oil drums .  four days later ,  its destination port sent out a message that the ship had never arrived .  no distress signals had been received -  -  the joyita had just vanished . "
"the numbers should have brought cheer to the government .  but indian officials are not celebrating as they battle two emerging concerns ,  high global crude oil prices and rising inflation . "
maybe they ' il take us to the third guy . 
"sometimes ,  people like yourself get caught in the cross fire . "
"you ' re the heart and soul of this team ,  bobby . "
"she says she noticed the similarities between her and the disney character when she first saw the film in december ,  calling the experience eerie . "
the whole of mnu is gonna come down here . 
someone envious of your popularity may challenge you to a debate . 
"a teacher may say to her student ,  “pay attention when i am talking to you . ” in other words you need to listen carefully ,  in that case . "
"geneva ,  switzerland ,  15 march–the president of east timor ,  jos éramos horta ,  said friday in geneva that his country has posted economic growth of almost 14 percent in 2009 ,  despite the international financial crisis . "
this prompts people to nag their friends to shop at the same boutique or eat at the same diner — hence the “group” in groupon . 
i ' ve just got my bank statement and i ' m afraid i ' m in the red .  i ' ve overspent by  $ 50 . 
analysis of the present condition of the poor goods of our country and research the counter - measures
"jurisprudence was separated from philosophy ,  which is the joint name of all original sciences . "
"now a father - of - two ,  the star has learnt to be responsible and modest . "
"because if we don ' t ,  she ' s gonna be dead by tomorrow morning . "
humans and soaring birds have found nature to be generous
the stars provide the only light ;  the electricity has not been restored . 
"i ' il call you when i get there ,  okay ? "
i don ' t wanna bore you with the details of how she cheated on me . 
"meantime ,  oil prices that spiked right after the algeria attack remain high . "
those of us who care about all this would act better
so this has actually been carried to the moon
"boxcar ,  a method for recording auditory brainstem evoked response  ( abr )  ,  is presented in this paper . "
"with so much attention lavished on the most promising executives in china ,  many feel their opportunities are greater at home than abroad . "
"i suggested kandinsky and the early abstractionists yesterday ,  others have pointed to the windows phone . "
it ' s not by a small one .  they just  -  - 
but the training for the priesthood is rather extraordinary . 
"and in my case ,  the network has been important in media , "
most of the social rules and the methods of work
"they fly uninvited into our rooms on summer nights ,  or beat ageist our lighted windows . "
"it is also becoming clear that the skills one needs to respond to hypnosis are similar to those necessary to experience trance - like states in daily life .  the best predictors are a propensity to become absorbed in fantasy or imagery and a knack for blocking out the surrounding world .  research suggests that two groups of people are most easily hypnotized :  fantasizers and dissociaters .  while these groups make up only 5 %  of the general population ,  they are so highly hypnotizable that if a person can identify with even a few of their qualities ,  he or she is probably a good candidate for hypnosis . "
that distinguishes it from a lot of other posters . 
" "" all warfare is based on deception .  ""  sun tzu . "
"when i was growing up in chicago ,  my parents did what they could to enrich my urban experience by getting me out into nature from time to time . "
"us army paratroopers of the airborne combat team from the1 st battalion ,  508 th infantry descend from the sky over northern italy . "
it is found the composite material rod exhibits torsional vibration band gaps . 
and lastly he said they help schools with their finances . 
"amazingly ,  the building has no heating or air conditioning . "
"and then when you figure out that this works ,  you can join as well . "
"each features muted metallics in shades of seafoam ,  periwinkle ,  gold ,  and aubergine . "
"we want to buy wooden stationery ,  wooden table clock ,  wooden box ,  wooden case ,  wooden accessory ,  wooden wall clock stationery . "
"wel i ,  it seems to be working . "
which was call my attending and run the story by him
"we will leave to save ourselves ,  to save our skin ,  we ' ll go to sido ,  bongoro ,  kabo . as soon as they left ,  their neighborhood was ransacked . "
you can ' t have plastic knives and swords and axes
but it ' s also a fact that your price is too high . 
" "" if the panda cannot mate with those from other habitats ,  it may face extinction within two to three generations ,  ""  mr fan told the state - run global times newspaper .   "" we have to act now .  "" "
because grass is really the keystone species of such a system  -  - 
"moreover ,  crediting animals with the capacity to produce responses directed to distal objects need ' t involve anthropomorphism . "
because he ' s not in my life anymore . 
objective in order to elucidate the quality of childhood idiopathic male gynecomastia  ( cig )  . 
"for each user group ,  use of the style guide shifts during the project . "
the unnamed south african couple are still in shock after making the discovery last saturday . 
have you always wanted to try something new but haven ' t got around to it yet ? 
"how about some more wine ,  everyone ? "
alberto sandoval is a natural resources officer with the fao . 
"thank you so much ,  chris .  and it ' s truly a great honor"
"instead ,  she said ,   "" no ,  no .  work and leisure can be together .  "" "
"while xiao and xie are happy about the bargains they have ferreted out ,  on the other side of the city chic white collar worker wang si is planning to buy herself a gift for women ' s day .  she has chosen a tiffany ring featuring a tiny diamond . "
"and ,  i mean ,  that was my sort of goal . "
"and it occurred to me that in this whole non - governmental world , "
cut himself a handy little flap in the cardboard . 
there is a block in the pipe and the water can ' t flow away . 
it ' s a bit of a gamble as you can never tell which will dominate . 
just looked like you were renting a videotape . 
i am do sorry to hear that . 
president bush also warned about the consequences of a hasty withdrawal in his speech marking the anniversary of the start of the war . 
college boy can ' t speak for himself ? 
"what i ' m saying is ,  in this world there ' s the visceral and the ineffable . "
one day our name ' s gonna be up there in big letters . 
"shanghai ,  china ,  18 may–mozambique is to stage the next annual general meeting of the adb in may 2008 ,  senior officials from the pan - african bank have announced . "
"thanks so much for giving me this picture ,  awesome !  everybody look closely at the picture ,  can you see the story ? "
that ' s not such a big deal in terms of doing high - quality scanning . 
it ' s typically run along with smbd by a distribution ' s startup scripts . 
there are several steps you need to take after your installation is complete to make sure snort is running on your system and is behaving properly . 
"it ' s so easy to get stuck in this cycle of  "" i ' m going to go — i can ' t go right now — i ' ll go next year — i ' m going to go ,  ""  and never get out of it .  there is ,  after all ,  a lot of logistics that go into getting out there and seeing the places you ' ve always wanted to see .  if you ' re looking for one ,  there is always an excuse not to get those tickets .  but the second you take the plunge and decide that you ' re actually going  ( and making the painful - but - necessary financial investments to do so )  ,  everything else has a tendency to fall into place . "
"are not just about cells and weird ,  little organisms . "
"well ,  i think it ' s time to go . "
women are still something of a rarity in senior positions in business . 
the document provided a springboard for a lot of useful discussion . 
the men move in pairs or trios on foot and elephant  -  back — or by boat . 
"this object described as being about 30cm in diameter appeared to jump over some rocks and follow the path of a metal fence for  "" some minutes  ""  . "
"hidden ,  safe the children must be kept . "
"that ' s the way we get some of the magic into it ,  boys and girls . "
"but  -  will you go away ,  angel ,  please ,  and never come any more ? "
"is i ' m seeing a lot of smart ,  geeky ,  nerdy kids , "
"you ' re quite the changed man this new year ' s ,  marcus . "
"and then the buddhists ,  of course ,  think that ,  because we ' ve all had infinite previous lives , "
you can ' t tell that joke to her she ' s much too prim and proper . 
"an innovative sculptor ,  he is also an opportunistic painter whose will to power can get in the way of his better judgment . "
unable to determine the job ' s type  ( local or multi  -  server )  . 
"if you walk like that ,  it ' s ok ,  it ' s ok ,  you can walk , "
"now ,  in the evolution game here ,  the creature scale ,  basically you have to eat , "
there were times when i missed having a father in my life . 
"called  "" epiphany ,  ""  which is based on a series of"
"we have a . c .  and d . c .  ,  get 12 volts d . c .  , "
i was walking through the airport to gate 11 to catch my flight when i heard this announcement : 
"the midfielder has struggled to recover his dynamism and the usual knocks seemed to take longer to ease off ,  but his condition will be critical to liverpool . "
"oh ,  and assault and battery must be legal nowadays . "
"but ,  in a larger sense ,  we can not dedicate — we can not consecrate — we can not hallow — this ground . "
you have 29 minutes to come up with a proper apology . 
"and since i am in charge ,  obviously ,  we screwed it up ,  obama remarked . "
"moreover ,  no one says crowley abused gates in any way .  and there were witnesses in the street to the arrest . "
you don ' t have idea of who i am and of what i am capable . 
objective  : to analyze mri feature of the rotator cuff tear on different sequences and to compare the sensitivity in diagnosis of the rotator cuff tear for different sequences . 
"we followed their admirable advice to quit smoking ,  and by some estimates we gained 15 pounds apiece afterward . "
"the film chronicles efforts to find the remains of fallen marines and bring them home ,  almost seven decades after the last shot was fired on the pacific island . "
"there ' s a youtube video that you can download and look at this , "
"i ' m haunted by the thought of what ray anderson calls  "" tomorrow ' s child ,  "" "
and it ' s not a special effects film ;  it has to be a man . 
usually it has walls that are built to protect the boats and the ships . 
that looks a heavy case ;  let me lift it down for you . 
"hilton ' s observation :   "" dress cute wherever you go ,  life is too short to blend in ""  is one of 20 , 000 new quotations to make it into the seventh edition of the renowned list of the world ' s memorable sayings . "
 .  .  .  a little more about you that is not who you are . 
"so after a while i decided to have a little fun , "
"i ,  too ,  want to stand in front of the emperor .  .  .  as you did . "
by their comprehensiveness and amplitude these picture fille the imagination . 
he has every right to pronounce on this matter . 
the google eyewear meshes the online world with the real world . 
"you can just keep adding them ,  and as in katrina , "
they integrated with the building in really peculiar ways . 
do you know why she is always trying to avoid you ？
"so ,  what do you have in your pocket ? "
"doing all the right things ,  having a good time ,  making all the right moves . "
yet another study is exposing the horrid treatment of workers by the all - powerful meat industry . 
"the prevalence of blindness caused by cataract ,  glaucoma and corneal opacity was lower in affluent households . "
"he whose destiny neither the gods nor demigods nor men do know ,  he who has destroyed defilements and become worthy ,  him i call a brahman . "
"at what point did i think that was a good idea ?  "" "
"called moodies ,  it lets a smartphone user speak a few words into the phone ' s mike to produce ,  about 20 seconds later ,  an emotional analysis . "
gave a complete set of the plans for the norden bombsight to the nazis . 
"to ache person can use aconite ,  those who have cystic and exciting symptom is ok catheterization . "
the extraordinary thing is that he said he had saved
"the strategic orientations ,  presented in lisbon friday ,  are focused on the modernization of the five main ports in order to increase port traffic . "
with this long ginger beard and this shock of red hair . 
"i bet if i took two or threeand tied them together , "
do not take it amiss if i point out your errors . 
"was that the measure from the first person to the second was a measure of trust , "
"dude ,  we would bang her so hard . "
"but over the past 30 years ,  these prejudices have largely disappeared .  by 1996 ,  intelligence and education had moved up to no .  5 on men ' s ranking of desirable qualities in a mate .  the desire for a good cook and housekeeper had dropped to 14th place ,  near the bottom of the 18 - point scale .  the sociologist christine b .  whelan reports that by 2008 ,  men ' s interest in a woman ' s education and intelligence had risen to no .  4 ,  just after mutual attraction ,  dependable character and emotional stability . "
have you ever seen a horse race before ? 
"but that term should refer only to organic food wastes meat scraps ,  fish bones and so on . "
"to acquit us with your products ,  please forward catalogue and other relative descriptive literatures . "
"that is just beyond the range detectable by the rods and cones of the eye ,  and is thus ideal for probing that organ without discomforting the patient . "
"and so when you want to build on the social layer , "
the monkey needs a trash can for his banana peels . 
and so this is how we can get biologic knee replacement
and all the joys and sorrows that can come one ' s way . 
"when looking at the part - time jobs notices posted near the canteen of beijing union university ,  kang jia ,  22 ,  avoids being seen by others . "
"boa ,  the first bank to introduce debit cards in guinea bissau ,  has national network cards and those from gim uemoa which covers the nine african countries of the west african monetary and economic union . "
"by contrasting the different destinies of two families ,  it reveals the problems of the new type of family while continuing to criticize the old at the same time ,  and combines the questions of survival or perishing of the homeland and education of the children into one ,  turning the reflection on family from criticism of autocracy to ideals of family and ideas of education . "
"but house prices are slowing ,  exports are weak and shadow banking is losing ground to traditional lending . "
"people out there have a lot of funny ideas about quiet people ,  the worst one being that all quiet people are alike . "
b : take it easy .  i take two bottles of puritied water . 
"the source told macauhub that the country ' s prisons ,  with an estimated population of 14 , 000 ,  accounted for expenditure of 450 million meticals ( around us $ 15 million )  . "
"never wanting to be disturbed by anyone ,  the hunch back encloses himself to stay away from social situations . "
"if you know what their voice normally sounds like ,  and when they answer a tricky question their voice sounds higher than usual ,  something may be amiss . "
"tra ça said that ,  as part of its coffee sales programme for 2008 ,  procaf éwould buy the product ,  as of next may ,  in the provinces of bengo ,  kwanza norte ,  kwanza sul and u íje . "
don ' t polish those badges ;  the gilt will wear off if you do . 
and if i rescue the king and win the bet ? 
"golden lines occasionally sparked underneath it like archaically patterned circuitry ,  as if to accentuate his choice of words . "
"i got to hear from james ,  and now i ' d love to hear from you ,  jamie . "
next i would liketo hear from a nanny . 
i ' m saying my modeling shots are just part of my portfolio . 
"from the author of the unrest which the social environment ,  the heroine works patriotic behavior .  and from their possession show of female self - consciousness awakening to the analysis of chinese and western works of the two authors as shown the female observation . "
i let you see us on purpose ! 
blacks must denounce the murders of whites attacked by blacks as passionately as they do those of black victims of white attacks . 
begonias are prized equally for their flower as well as their showy leaves . 
and it ' s why positive psychology is not happy - ology and why it doesn ' t end here . 
we should concern ourselves here only with the structure of atoms . 
it ' s actually a sensible way of coping with the inevitability of aging . 
they ' il get all of us if we don ' t move . 
"and the girl goes ,   "" i know ,  but ,  i mean ,  i swear to god , "
"i said ,   "" if you make ,  actually ,   ' tell me my balance .  ' "
i was unlucky to slip on a banana skin and fall over . 
"help keep the peace ,  far away from home and family . "
a stream of particles or electromagnetic waves emitted by the atoms and molecules of a radioactive substance as a result of nuclear decay . 
you can even switch to another window within the session independently ! 
because they found they were more reliable than the more expensive tubes . 
nor do they connect a man to the things he has to be connected to - the reality of pain in others ;  the possibilities of creative growth in himself ;  the memory of the race ;  and the rights of the next generation . 
"to have readiness in hand ,  to be capable of handling things . "
"turn a corner and you will happen upon the startling green of the winter harvest ,  of men bending over paddy fields with nothing for tools but their bare hands . "
i didn ' t meanto interrupt your little quest . 
"school performance and inductive intelligence ,  or problem solving ,  were measured and academic grades in the major subjects were also taken into account . "
"there’s a growing trend of recent graduates choosing jobs close to their homes ,  especially among those in first - tier cities .  it’s regarded as a way for them to avoid the rapidly rising living and transportation costs ,  and to enjoy a bit more stability and convenience in life . "
"win or lose ,  the key to using play money safely is to make sure it involves a sum the investor can live without . "
is approximately eight times higher than the u . s .  national average . 
trainee commandos are put through an exhausting assault course . 
sometimes it ' s best to just stfu – especially in relationships . 
"they were searching for correlations between social rank and gene activity ,  and in 987 genes they found one . "
"i mean ,  santa claus knows if you ' re naughty or nice ,  right ?  "" "
"depressed people ,  randall ,  they ' re depressed every day . "
elephpant is meant to fill that void in the php community . 
the day after we went to find ruth ' s possible . 
but ms .  cordova said the image was not in keeping with the tenor of their previous interactions . 
"angop reported that the approved figure would be used to finance work on the second phase of refurbishment of the capanda hydroelectric facility ,  logistic support and related services . "
"and so the cord keeps falling out ,  so i taped it in . "
"the characteristics of vegstative and reproductive growth of the scion remain basically unchansed when the graft plants grow in the hoagland nutrient solutions  ( ⅱ )  containing one - third and full potassium ,  respectively . "
"jackie :  the second phrase came across as a polite question ,  unlike the first . "
"he added that industry is too quick to brush off people ' s fears :   "" telling the public that they are idiots is certainly not a way of making friends  .  "" "
"for example ,  fee - bates ,  a combination of a fee and a rebate"
you will have to accommodate yourself to the changed situation . 
whatever it is  -  -  and yet these ideals give meaning and purpose
"okay ,  don ' t start doodlingmy name on your binder ,  okay ? "
and the british association for the advancement of science
objective to summarize the nursing coordination for breast cancer patients undergoing breast reservation radical correction under breast cavity endoscope . 
what does the p . h .  stands for in n . p . h .  ? 
but eventually they will still have to prove that their systems can work in the real world—even during emergency landings . 
it may take a google veteran to fight back . 
"finger ,  finger ,  finger ,  finger ,  finger ,  finger ,  finger ,  finger .  pink . "
"fox ' s new girl initially divided critics with its quirkiness and reliance on zooey deschanel ,  but the show eventually evolved into a solid comedy and became a hit .  the test will be whether or not it can keep up the momentum .  and 2 broke girls on cbs faces the same challenge . "
the spheres had been magnetized and attracted or repelled each other all the time . 
"in this paper , a system of algebraic equations is established for solving the geometrically nonlinear problems of plates and shells ,  which is based on the hellinger - reissner veriational principle and uses the spline interpolation with the deflection w ( x , y )  and stress function f ( x , y )  as the unknown variables . "
"okay ,  so this habit is kind of elastic ,  but you get the gist . "
i should ' ve found out what it was and brought some .  .  . 
what the fuck are you gonna do about it ? 
and we were all about 12 years old  -  -  younger guys . 
it ' s a story that ' s a testament to teaching and teachers . 
"at that point ,  i became a little more ambitious"
i would be pleasedto hear from him . 
we cannot guarantee the punctual arrival of trains in fogy weather . 
" "" the state department search for iranian moderates is comparable to captain ahab ' s search for the great white whale ,  ""  bolton said .   "" it is an obsession within the state department .  there are obviously differences within the leadership cast inside iran .  but we have never detected any differences over the fundamental strategic objective of getting a deliverable nuclear weapon .  "" "
i slipped on the wet counter top and let go off the pie . 
i ' m not the one staring at me . 
"it ' s the latest in a series of changes at kellogg under blount ,  including a greater emphasis on its one - year mba program for business undergraduates ,  dramatic improvements in the way the school is teaching entrepreneurship ,  and a new marketing campaign that challenges kellogg ' s grads to  "" think bravely .  ""  to fund the improvements ,  blount is half way toward reaching the finish line of a  $ 350 million capital campaign . "
"gert network model of the process is constructed ,  and the analytic solutions are made the example . "
the story people tell us is a bunch of different stories . 
"but due to the limitation of diffident economic pattern , the close geography and given survival environment , up to the end of 19th century , the commercial networks of towns with oneness hadn ' t come into being in guangxi yet . "
"please ,  don ' t yell at me ,  please don ' t . "
"there is the case where a certain person ,  abandoning false speech ,  abstains from false speech . "
can you tell me how to get to the nearest bus station ? 
study of propagation characteristics of photorefractive dark spatial solitons
"for we commend not ourselves again unto you ,  but give you occasion to glory on our behalf ,  that ye may have somewhat to answer them which glory in appearance ,  and not in heart . "
"well known as king of herbs ,  ginseng can nourish the primary qi greatly ,  relieve uneasiness of the body ,  benefit prolong life ,  so it ' s called the medicine of keeping people live forever . "
"so now the pilot’s ears and body sense are telling her different things ,  and both are probably wrong . "
"and if you ' re going to go back ,  we might as well go back to the beginning . "
another use for instance metadata is to pass information to the image . 
"but green groups in europe ,  with the support of influential figures such as prince charles ,  have succeeded in shaping policy . "
"what in the hell happened to you ,  son ? "
u .  s .  secretary of state john kerry says attacking iran does not guarantee security . 
you take off an armored car at the mall . 
"when it is open to traffic ,  the road will improve the link between the municipal areas of cacuaco ,  viana ,  samba and kilamba - kiaxi ,  as well as access to the new airport from the provinces that neighbour luanda . "
"consumer debt is higher interest rate than housing debt ,  and it ' s foolish to keep it around . "
"their different tactics ,  side by side ,  made for a fascinating and revealing juxtaposition . "
"if we look at a cross section of a water wave ,  we may see that the wave form repeats itself at regular intervals . "
"if you want a balanced approach to reducing the deficit ,  let your member of congress know . "
"by not rushing to california ?  ""  and they start to decide they are . "
you can ' t even get yourself from sausalito to san francisco without a lift . 
"what ,  like there ' s a rule or something ? "
"chinese do not like being evicted from their land ,  or having their children poisoned by adulterated milk or unscrupulous state - owned factories . "
3 .  someone is driving their car with the windows down and singing to their favorite song at the top of their lungs . 
she fell and hit her head while she was sick . 
"protocol on the accession of the separate customs territory of taiwan ,  penghu ,  kinmen and matsu to the marrakesh agreement establishing the world trade organization  ( 90 . 11 . 12"
"is difficult to account for ,  but ultimately i ascribe it to an admiration"
 ' cause now you see there ' s more to life then what we lovers do
cambodia ' s prime minister hun sen said thai troops had entered his country and on tuesday issued an ultimatum for them to leave or risk conflict . 
"for importation of goods ,  it is the date of imp  - ort declaration . "
"i ' ve written one  "" fun withdick and jane ""  book on physics . "
one reason for the decline in attacks is that many former sunni fighters have turned against al - qaida and are helping u . s .  forces maintain security . 
without a willingness by the west to bankroll greener economic strategies in the developing world there will be no climate change deal . 
"oh ,  we ' il get on that right away . "
"data collected include interview transcripts ,  lesson plans ,  teacher journals ,  student journals ,  field notes ,  checklist assessment sheets ,  worksheets ,  teaching material developed the teacher ,  photos and videotapes . "
"over time ,  demonic entities made their way into the titans worlds from the twisting nether ,  and the pantheon elected its greatest warrior ,  sargeras ,  to act as its first line of defense . "
"ms .  watson ,  go to the front door ,  please . "
wasn ' t it true that sometimes the greatest misfortunes brought unforeseen rewards ? 
"moments before leaving for rio de janeiro ( brazil )  ,  where he will take part in the 5th world urban forum ,  jos éferreira said that overall real estate projects were still priced high which needed to be corrected with the introduction of some measures . "
reds manager rafa benitez is adamant on keeping the 35 - year - old and may be offered an extra year . 
"when i arrived to report myself ,  flip was doing something or other at he the long shiny table in the ante  -  room to the study . "
"where i worked from  ' 32 to  ' 37  -  -  actually ,  to  ' 36 . "
you can either be the driver or the passenger . 
"i think it ' s awesome that you ' re gonna have a kid ,  man . "
i don ' t know what else they ' ve got and where ' s this intel ? 
"in singapore ,  for example ,  a govern - ment bond maturing in 2004 with a cou - pon of 3 . 5 %  will currently yield about 3 . 4 %  . this is to say ,  for every s $ 100 of face value ,  the bond is currently selling for s $ 100 . 50 ,  so that the annual coupon ofs $ 3 . 50 is worth about 3 . 4 %  of the actual price . "
"“the chinese economy ' s rapid development has increased yuan demand in the last few years but the olympics have boosted sales of the chinese currency even more ,  ”said renato douek . "
"what do you mean ,  a dream within a dream ? "
"a swede with possible mafia connections ,  stefan ericksson crashed the car on an early morning while racing a mercedes mclaren slr at speeds well over 100 mph .  amazingly he walked away . "
"at a good price ,  so they are very competitive . "
"now ,  essentially we ' re in the same position we were in"
"now ,  he is firmly established as a figure who provides inspiration to others . "
modified atmosphere packaging a remarkable effect on keeping fresh . 
i wish an oblivious slumber could help me forget what happened today . 
"ever since they started with the chicken nuggets ,  everything went downhill . "
"unemployment in europe has recently hit record highs ,  and although denmark has been shielded from the eurozone’s economic problems thanks to its low public debt ,  qualified professionals are still finding it tough to get a job . "
she put a sprinkle of sugar on the top of her cake . 
only a handful of governments in the world have banned free plastic bags . 
"as one of the biggest landowners in warwickshire ,  he was ideally placed to push prices up and then sell at the top of the market . "
you ' re not entering because of any personal feeling of admiration .  .  .  you might have .  .  .  for any of the sisters ? 
the u . s .  congress and the media will go berserk when goldmanannounces the size of its 2009 bonus pool . 
"more surprisingly ,  it was able to recognize that a narrow street in barcelona was typical of mediterranean villages ,  rather than an american alleyway . "
he went out for a drink and never came back . 
"a suicide car bomber has detonated explosives near a u . s .  - run military facility in afghanistan ,  killing three civilians . "
"and you know what ,  when you really believe in yourself and everything about you , "
"first step ,  you take the kid and you put it out on the street corner ,  and you leave him there . "
" "" this is what he had for breakfast this morning . "
"obama responded that the only difference between their two plans was that his would not force people to buy the insurance ,  but would make it available to everyone .  he also brushed aside clinton ' s complaints about his mailings . "
"maputo ,  mozambique ,  14 jan -  the government of mozambique for this year has programmed a number of reforms aimed at simplifying processes for companies ,  in order to make the country the most competitive market in southern africa by 2015 . "
french artists in the nineteenth century became very interested in using lithography . 
you wanna go and see little what ' s his name ? 
"we depart at dawn ,  with the girl . "
"lan ,  is this notjust the cutest card ? "
"the tennis etiquette is ,  both the players have to come to the net"
"bingo in the third ,  we get  "" attack ""  ! "
alexander had crooked teeth stained from excessive smoking
this is a hotel suite where we used to spend our anniversary
that we could get trapped so deep that when we wound up on the shore of our own subconscious .  .  . 
i haven ' t done nothing good in a long time . 
" "" if we care about advancing a shared development agenda ,  ""  said ambassador cousens , "
google china said the data for its local google maps service was acquired from external data providers in accordance with chinese law . 
"it is concluded that excess sludge is eatable to earthworms , and feeding condition is≤30cm filling thickness with fresh excess sludge each time , ≤20cm up - filling thickness with rotten -  lumpy excess sludge each time . "
i think valerie is concentrating more on tomorrow ' s big event . 
if you ' re here from quest for balance welcome !  i hope you have a good look around and consider subscribing to our rss feed or via email .  thanks so much for visiting ! 
"four years later ,  the 22 - year - old found himself  $ 21 , 000 in debt ,  without a permanent job and sleeping on friends '  couches in new jersey and brooklyn . "
the number of threads currently active in this process . 
"no ,  i want this on the record ! "
popular software providers beijing kingsoft software and qihoo 360 both had the controversial programs available for download on sunday . 
only 6 . 8 percent of all our philanthropic giving in the u . s .  right now
"although his deception have is discover ,  he decide to brazen it out . "
but computers  -  -  you need to be able to describe things
"the affair itself was understated :  chan ' s simple ,  pretty dress cost  $ 4 ,  700 ,  a fraction of the money celebs like kim kardashian routinely spend on enormous gowns .  the young couple fed their guests sushi from a favorite local palo alto restaurant ,  estimated to have cost around  $ 7 a plate . "
is shifting beneath our feet .  we need to radically rethink
if he only knew the you that we know
we ' re looking at 20 - kiloton yield for an effect for us of 10 million newtons . 
"it came four days after government mps handed the speaker a motion to impeach the chief justice ,  shirani bandaranayake . "
"under the privacy bill of rights ,  americans would have more control over what personal data companies collect from them and how they use it . "
i know we ' re meant to be together . 
it means you got to wait till it grows up beforeyou can see what it is . 
"you didn ' t think anybody knrw about that ,  did you ? "
the old man edged along on the bench towards the window . 
"i intended to do it ,  but i ' m afraid i forgot . "
he was the first black to be elected as mayor . 
we have a long way to go when it comes to audition . 
i thought i was alone in the love department . 
"be aware that pitfalls await for any couple ,  and that he  /  she can cheat at any point in time and space because ,  really at the end of the day ,  its their choice . "
"at the risk of admission ,  i was never nicer"
"beijing ' s temple restaurant was fourth and capital m ,  a modern australian restaurant overlooking tiananmen square ,  was fifth .  another beijing establishment ,  dali court ,  hit seventh . "
to come up with any problem you want to solve
it is of far - reaching significance to look for the inherent reason that the same poetic passions produce different poetic meanings by comparison . 
stealing leonardo da vinci’s painting was like stealing beauty itself . 
"jenna ,  you are not yourself at the moment . "
i am packing it up preparatory to my journey . 
they ' d planted a seed over his grave . 
"how hard they were struck ,  and how they were held down , "
"well ,  only if she was expecting an elephant . "
"excuse me ,  are you talking about monteverdi"
it’s not easy for me to visit this town . 
"but since i promised that i won ' t kiii you , "
he has been trying to persuade mainland theaters to screen both versions . 
but what ' s important is that an individual or a group of tastemakers
he set out to paint the whole house but finished only the front part . 
"and once you make it there ,  the big question is where to start . "
how do you prevent commingling of certified with non certified products after harvest ? 
liu added that after a two - hour charge the robot can work continuously for 5 hours . 
"“they get public financial support ,  their staff is paid by the government and their function is to serve as an agency of the government ,  ” ms .  jia said . "
"rather than release his inner dove ,  the nobel peace prize may force him to brandish his public hawk . "
"the competitions are won in may ,  not june ,  july or september . "
"valium is used to treat anxiety ,  panic attacks ( 恐慌发作 )  ,  muscle spasms ( 肌肉痉挛 )  and even seizures ( 癫痫 )  . "
in order to reduce the nervous exaggerations . 
"fluids in reservoir change its state drasticly ,  when the reservoir is under development ,  though relations of the water oil are complicated and residual oil is disperse , the changing abides by some laws . "
"but i also grew up on the hill , "
fm 25 l 256 b is the use of advanced technology manufacturing ferroelectric 256 kb nonvolatile memory . 
instant news and current affairs channel with wide indian and international reportage . 
visiting a kindergarten class on valentine ' s day is a pretty good start for making your dream come true . 
"if you find the movie touching or even tear - jerking ,  that’s what director puttipong na sakolnakom ,  who wrote the script ,  wants .  she said :  “everyone has a first love .  and if this film reawakens your memories ,  then it has worked . ”"
"he said he was walking foot patrol ,  saw a rifle barrel sticking out of a window ,  went upstairs to investigate ,  and shot swagger . "
"having such a strong show of love from friends and possibly a new romantic partner ,  too ,  will strengthen your confidence and make you feel like a million dollars . "
i became very solemn and quite calm and sat down on the carpet in front of the blazing fire . 
"mental damage compensation ,  or simply called mental compensation ,  which is to compensate mental damage materially is the tendency for moden civil law development . "
"china remained the main destination for the mining company ' s sales ,  accounting for 16 . 7 percent of revenues ,  followed by brazil with 16 . 2 percent ,  japan with 10 . 5 percent ,  the united states ,  10 . 5 percent ,  germany ,  6 . 5 percent and canada ,  5 percent . "
and that is what the usda allows in our food supply . 
why do not you tell me how much they enjoyed
"now ,  earth day is celebrated as a way of reminding us why it is important to take care of the earth . "
"by using bicarbonate of soda with something containing acid ,  such as"
"there is a double——aspect mentality between enjoying life and projecting oneself in sanmao ' s works , which produces a double art space ; "
"d best expresses the intended contrast ,  which pertains not so much to skills as to people ' s willingness to recognize different areas of weakness . "
"brennan :   "" if he does not know than he is negligent .  if he does know ,  then he is intentionally misleading congress and the american public .  "" "
i can ' t paint to save my life . 
and we built up a series of tools like this . 
"at this point ,  my story starts to sound cliche ,  but it was a cliche i needed to experience in person because it radically changed my perspective . "
i also want to say there are probably also some yellow labradors that i know
"so ,  you ' re going to join us at the rally today ? "
"but it demanded nothing less than the sacrifice of his life .  from the moment of painting the figure 1 until the day he died ,  when he had reached well past 5500000  ( no commas marred his work )  ,  his daily task was painting numbers and whispering their names ,  eventually into a tape recorder . "
and the red sox ask your opinion ? 
he coaxed his elder sister into taking him to the circus . 
we are not going to see the image of the star and the planet as this . 
"because i ' m from switzerland ,  and i just don ' t hope you think this is swiss german"
and we spend a week in the forest on these little platforms ; 
you know i can ' t tell you that . 
" ' female friendships are more characterized by communion or intimacy .  gossip can be more of a threat to the relationship than it does in male friendships ,  '  says watson . "
"we barely got our hands on them ,  don ' t smash them . "
finding that hard - to - define measure of satisfaction has been a big issue in this country . 
based on the musical ability  -  -  then that person could either enter or not . 
"sir ,  if i could just offer -  -   -  go home ,  bough ! "
that means you add all ten fingers plus three toes .  the counting system we use has a base of ten . 
"and we worked very closely with the whole thing being a team effort , "
"but different ones as well ,  which were filmed many years ago . "
i don ' t know where you learned it . 
"if you do get married ,  be both principled and flexible .  relationship satisfaction ,  financial security ,  and happy kids are more strongly related to the ability to adapt in the face of life ' s challenges than any particular way of organizing families .  the most functional families are ones that can bend .  so partnering with someone who thinks that one partner should support their families and the other should take responsibility for the house and children is a recipe for disaster .  so is being equally rigid about non - traditional divisions of labor .  it ' s okay to have ideas about how to organize your family – and ,  for the love of god ,  please talk about both your ideals and fallback positions on this – but your best bet for happiness is to be flexible . "
most people from my group must be dead . 
i can ' t tell you more than that . 
"there was junior boys stuff ,  but when he busted his knee ,  he set up a girls '  side ,  and he ' s been on my case ever since ! "
" "" finishing top is not the be -  all and end  - all ,   "" said ferdinand . "
"frost was not only a metrist but a poet who gloriously manhandled meter ,  making it stress fine shadings of speech and thought . "
"and so we ' re in a skull ,  and we ' re moving really ,  really quickly . "
"the trainees spend weeks working in plants at every job involved in bottling ,  paste up posters ,  ride with salesmen on trucks delivering and selling coca -  cola . "
"ca :  post - napster ,  you ' re looking like a bit of a genius ,  actually , "
"posture can help in many ways such as giving you more energy during the round ,  taking away back pain and helping you golf swing become more repetitive . "
"some days are simply worse than others .  a day can turn especially bad when you just feel as if you ' re  "" not good enough ""  for anyone or anything .  in other words ,  just  "" not good enough .  ""  here are a few things to remember when those feelings come around . "
the gene expression of a  -  actin mrna were determined by using the quantitative reverse transcription pcr technology . 
i try to work through the pain . 
list the adaptations seed plants employed  ( comparing to green algae )  to become successful in terrestrial life . 
you ' ll see them at the start of the slide show  -  -  there ' s only about four images  -  - 
u . s .  president george bush says he will use this year ' s g8 summit to press other leaders to honor previous commitments to help africa . 
"the chinese army has left ,  defeated ,  and the japanese have come in . "
"come on ,  peter ,  give me the coin . "
"so i did come up with five suggestions ,  which they are actually actioning . "
"several years of studies did little to alter the cycle of mr li’s businesses :  early adoption ,  a rash of copiers ,  a move into new territory . "
"she described him as ‘the most important person in my life ,  next to my family’ ,  but he tragically died of bone cancer aged 34 ,  soon after she finished filming titanic . "
a vinaigrette with garlic and herbs :  oregano and basil and dill . 
"using the critical theory of partial differential equation ,  we obtain the critical estimates of a free boundary problem of integro - differential equation in limitless region ,  furthermore we prove that the price and optimal exercise boundary of american option converge to the price and optimal exercise boundary of perpetual american option respectively when the expiry date runs to infinite . "
"you see it there directly on the mall .  it ' s the last building on the mall , "
good leaders know they have to be ready for their next meeting . 
"the flat presentation organizes all the database objects by type ,  which enables you to sort objects by name ,  schema ,  connection alias ,  and so on . "
"unfortunately ,  it is overtaken by political correctness and ends up as a feeble supplement to the main story . "
they dwell at bath but work in the city . 
"here was something out of their calculations ;  something for them ,  mentally ,  to chew on"
"for the trend of the internet and information technology development ,  the enterprise put in a great deal of equipments and a system ,  its main purpose is to improve the operation procedure of enterprise and enhance the competition ability of the enterprise . "
will transform how we live on a scale that few really appreciate . 
that ' s mr evil dr pork chop to you . 
"among them ,  alpine meadow and mountain steppe are main ecoregion types ,  which are 10 768 . 52 km ~ 2 and 10 646 . 60 km ~ 2 ,  respectively .  the area of these two types is 70 %  of total lhasa area ,  and valley agricultural zone is 10 . 75 %  of total area . "
this old suitcase looks as though it has been kicked around a lot . 
"major wall street companies ,  for example ,  have also worked to water down the president ' s proposal on tightening the rules for derivatives like credit default swaps . "
and there was a greek story to the effect that the sentinels at the siege of troy changed their guard according to the vertical or horizontal positions of the tail of the great bear . 
"is that there are many ,  often subtle environmental factors that make"
"look ,  stop messing about ,  just give me the bottle . "
"that ' s the name of the show ,  they eat out ,  they  -  - "
"the project will be built on a 65 hectare plot ,  with 3 . 5 kilometers of coast ,  will have nine separate resorts ,  six of which will be hotel - based and the remainder will have a total of 1 , 400 house / apartment units . "
"marriage ,  far beyond such mundane matters aspensions and bank accounts ,  is of course a hugely emotive subject . "
the teacher said that he would like to choose an assistant among us . 
their name is frank lucas originally greensbro north carolina . 
shops were crowded with customers looking over the colourful displays . 
"zeynep tufekci ,  a professor of sociology at the university of north carolina ,  chapel hill ,  described the site as ""  the secret backbone of the internet ,   "" which is why it is even more crucial that it be accountable for the environment it is fostering ,  she said . "
"one of them concerns the concession held by artumas in the rovuma onshore area ,  also in mozambique ,  in which the partnership acquired a 10 percent stake . "
i do not want you to be easy . 
to make sure that we have all necessary conditions
"then our lady plucked a little white flower with red stripes ,  called field bindweed ,  which looks very like a glass ,  and gave it to the waggoner . "
i wonder why i didn ' t see them . 
"an emergency conference held last week in johannesburg ,  south africa ,  heard that almost all the 120 people known to have contracted the strain have died . "
"this is my last tournament ,  no matterwhat happens . "
"the spindle is driven through the gearbox ,  which is housed within the headstock . "
the seven  -  segment display which is commonly seen in life . 
" "" pumping from the pleistocene aquifer has certainly had an adverse effect in terms of drawing down arsenic at significantly high concentrations over about 100 years ,  ""  says burgess . "
1 .  i want to say unnecessary things to him / her . 
it is said the comet always precedes them .  .  .  these world - enders . 
" "" i just needed a place to sleep .  "" "
"he invited me ,  i ' m on the list . "
"these days ,  the most common question i get from junior analysts about derivatives is ,  “how much money did we make off the client ? ”"
jim sat up when he heard the knock on his bedroom door . 
"“the growth rate of mobile phone services in angola has been one of the biggest in africa ,  going from 20 , 000 in 1995 to 1 . 6 million in december 2005 ,  ”beir ão said at a seminar on service trading held in luanda ,  quoted by portugal ' s lusa news agaency . "
the appearance of the phenomenon caused not only by the long - term wartime chaos and social instabilities but also the cruelty of the political struggles and the obscenities of ruling class . 
"she ' d already made a history in 2006 ,  as chile ' s first female president . "
"we had some trouble in the village last night ,  but it ' s all right now . "
"we ' re about two and a half ,  three months into it ,  and it ' s really been fun . "
the feds want toturn us into guinea pigs . 
"i win ,  you get your ass back home and you ' re at msa first thing in the morning . "
this paper introduces the system design .  realizations and functions of space telemetry and telecontrol simulation environment . 
"just one bomb on a german bridge over the meuse ,  or one impassable traffic jam in the ardennes forest could have meant the difference between victory and defeat . "
"“seniors are living longer ,  and that ' s a good thing ,  but it ' s only a good thing to the extent that their brains are healthy . ”"
only three hotel rooms were tested in each state .  within each room the same 19 surfaces were tested for aerobic and coliform bacteria . 
american spacecrafts have passed close to venus and russian ones have parachuted instruments to its surface . 
"just last week up to 90 people ,  apparently mostly civilians ,  were killed in afghanistan in an airstrike ,  and the violence is only getting worse . "
so small is the diameter of the tube that it is hard to see it with the naked eye . 
"and they go to whole foods to get their baby formula , "
a great many houses were knocked down by the earthquake . 
but it seems to be made for you . 
"and one of the molecules i study is called isoprene , "
"it is a very attractive woman ,  but totally inaccessible . "
"on tuesday ,  president obama announced a plan to invest twelve billion dollars in community colleges over the next ten years .  the goal is to help an additional five million students earn degrees or certificates . "
"instead of slob ,  every company need si the diligent employee . "
he is working with others to fight the disease . 
no evidence of clinical malignancy or metastases was found in the 2 cases . 
"the mailman just dropped some mail in our box ,  grandpa . "
"rhodamine is usually determined by spectrophotometric method ,  but it results in big error . "
you ' re the best husband i ever had -  - 
"kate middleton ,  however ,  can also claim an attractive nose .  her shape was frequently found in paintings ,  suggesting artists saw it as a thing of beauty . "
"the difference is that the theory of taijiquan has much cultural colour of confucianism for it was more likely influenced by zhou dun - yi and zhu xi ' s doctrine ,  while the theory of changquan has largely absorbed zhang zhai ' s ideology and is close to the modern materialist dialectics . "
" "" i ' m not sure a 4 - year - old is prepared for such intense training ,  ""  said zhang ruxia ,  a woman who gave birth to two boys in october in tianjin .   "" you can have good intentions to train your child at an early age but you also have to consider whether he can take it .  "" "
how am i gonna stop myself going completely bonkers ? 
"but look ,  this is the world my teacher talked about in 1960 : "
"at the outset of program mobilization ,  the program manager should assemble all the individual project managers and work out a simple set of guidelines for interactions outside program boundaries . "
"integration of search ,  community ,  personalization and content builds the foundation for relevancy in people ' s lives . "
and you get two foul shots every time ? 
the cascade switch configuration is an alternate form of multi  -  position switch . 
uefa said it had the right to review the decision to fine serbia over the incident that occurred after its under - 21 football match against england in october . 
"in qin dynasty ,  lute refers to a straight - neck drum with a sound box - also called qin - lute , first round , then , pear - shaped . "
how do i know you didn ' t take the money ? 
"after time magazine went with a cover shot of a youngblondemother breastfeeding her 3 - year - old boy ,  ms brown is said to have taken it in stride ,  saying ' let the games begin !  ' "
international election observers have delivered a stinging criticism of the parliamentary election in ukraine saying they were marred by corruption and abuses of power . 
"that change in thinking has led to a dramatic shift ,  not only in the fortunes of monterey bay ,  but other places around the world . "
that seem to be there when a person is in flow . 
it was only in the second half of the 20th century
"in other words ,  i ' m not sure i would detail these diagrams to the point where i would have sufficient detail to generate meaningful code for this project . "
it develops high speed magnanimity digital collection memory system . 
a long list of scholarships and prizes in academic competitions in your resume is not convincing enough . 
the country has a poor record on human rights . 
maybe we can contact anakin on naboo . 
"but he fell short of offering firm commitments to increase china ' s investment in funds intended to bail out heavily indebted euro - zone countries ,  and also stressed that europe needs to address its own problems . "
savage  -  swing  ( with high quality and lyrics )   -  first widescreen video ? 
how many of your guys touched this car ? 
investors care more about what will happen than what should happen . 
"because people thought that this was the ultimate kind of one man , "
our supporting naval vessels would be present in strength to batter down local defenses . 
"find a venue ,  over - order on the drinks ,  bulk buy the guacamole .  .  .  and advise the girls to avoid kevin .  .  .  if they want their breasts unfondled . "
question :  what kind of things do you do for charities ? 
"we hire  "" stars ,  ""  only to watch them burn out in a new and different managerial environment . "
their kids are in the water ;  they ' re getting tar
"mr .  klement says for those who want to keep things simple ,  his firm often recommends investing equal amounts in low - cost funds tracking five major indexes :  the s & p 500 ,  london ' s ftse 100 index ,  europe ' s eurostoxx 50 ,  japan ' s nikkei 225 and the msci emerging markets index . "
"that research began to show that different - sized particles produce different effects .  larger particles ,  the ones regulated by the environmental protection agency  ( epa )  ,  are actually the least harmful because they are coughed up and expelled . "
"without the jabberwocky ,  my sister ' s followers will surely rise against me . "
we have to figure out ways to move large volumes of payload through space . 
"however ,  many question whether these tough laws and the billions spent on water infrastructure will really ease the water crisis . "
"but concerns about an employee’s effectiveness often reflect the biases of employers ,  not customers . "
"to make things worse ,  fraga turned his 15 minutes of fame .  .  .  into a candidacy for state representative .   .  .  . campaign proposals .  .  .  what i ' d like you .  .  . "
"featuring never - before - seen game play ,  storyline features and original music ,  castlevania :  order of shadows for the mobile platform is an exclusive adventure for cellphone users and is available on most major carriers  ( including at & t ,  t - mobile and verizon networks )  . "
"all citizens have a duty to the country .  every chinese should care about national affairs ,  come forward to take part ,  voice their views and opinions in a responsible manner . "
"in the village of panmunjom ,  in a barren room ,  the generals picked up their pens and signed their names to the agreement spread before them . "
"many had cut their hair ,  most of them had blackened their faces . "
the oppressed people rose against unjust treatment and dethroned the unpopular monarch . 
"a waiter knocked and came in with crushed mint and ice but ,  the silence was unbroken by his "" thank you .  ""  and the soft closing of the door . "
"i don ' t know how many of you have seen it ,  but it ' s a beaut . "
"in the early  ' 70s when i started ,  i got right down"
many studies of cell phones have found no health risk to human beings . 
don ' t stubborn ;  intelligent and open .  don ' t relentless ;  magnanimous and compassionate . 
"and i said ,   "" yeah ,  but a lot less baloney .  "" "
"but if the threat from iran ' s nuclear and ballistic missile program is eliminated ,  the driving force for missile defense in europe will be eliminated ,  and that is in our mutual interests . "
"from the viewpoint of a curator of shanghai biennale 2002 ,  this paper introduces the significance of this biennale ,  evaluates the exhibition generally ,  and brings forward some thoughts on contemporary architecture in china . "
there will be a 5 minute outage sometime during that half hour while our router reboots . 
"tetralogy of fallot ,  the most common form of a serious congenital heart defect also known as blue baby syndrome ,  has always been something of a puzzle . "
the two girls dropped back so as to be alone . 
"corporate accountability international ,  a watchdog group ,  said the mcdonald ' s ads were misleading and were another example of the company ' s aggressive approach to advertising . "
"and for millions of people around the world ,  that is just what happened . "
"sheep ,  pig ,  horse ,  donkey ,  mule ,  camel ,  cattle and man were the intermediate hosts of natural infection of e .  granulosus . "
"in the early 1990s ,  when israel was talking to local palestinian leadersin an attempt to circumvent the exiled yasser arafat and his palestineliberation organisation in tunis ,  mr beilin argued as a youthful deputy foreignminister that without arafat ,  whom most israelis dismissed as an incorrigibleterrorist ,  peace talks would be worthless . "
"and they killed about 12 , 000 sharks in this period , "
"orders cannot be cancelled or changed once received ,  deposit are non  -  refundable . "
"she has to rank competitively with the greatest literary characters of all time - so spunky ,  so misunderstood ,  so maligned by her peers .  - reader griffin"
a disadvantage is the presence of artifact due to signal loss at air bone interfaces . 
"the wood is so solid it ' s like stone ,  and it lasts for a long time . "
"lishen ,  he said ,  is expected to take a  ' small minority interest '  in the operation . "
we ' il be using a technique that ' s more advanced . 
"but wear and tear of them isn ' t serious in the roller of arc spring tooth , and the malfunction rate is low , and the capacity of collecting plastic film residue is strong . "
"for example ,  we can acquire a new culture by moving to a new region . "
in order to have any chance of catching this neutrino . 
and the opposition said martial law would not stop its six - month campaign to oust the government . 
"the quality and stability of baboon relationships trump quantity ,  the researchers say . "
the collar will be triggered any time your thoughts turn to violence . 
"according to a statement from bcv ,  the board of directors of garantia voted tuesday to request a listing for their 12 . 5 percent stake in bca ,  corresponding to 125 , 000 shares . "
density method is generally adopted for rcc compaction quality control at present . 
nearly five million trucks stopped throughout india .  truckers say the rising cost of diesel and taxes levied by the government are wiping out profits . 
it grows wild by the highways out here . 
"douglass ,  frederick .  what to the slave is the fourth of july ?  1852 . "
flew the coop out of six major prisons . 
"if you can ' t face telling someone you know ,  call an organization like al - anon / alateen  ( they have a 24  -  hour hotline at 1  -  800 - 344 -  2666 )  or go online for help . "
"it ' s game ,  match ,  and championship point for nickels and green . "
when are you gonna figure it out ? 
terry bennett says public works projects like these produce jobs . 
its really important for groups to gain a sense of safety
the richness of his novel comes from his narration of it . 
let ' s have a night out together on saturday閳 ? we could go dancing . 
the thermally generated dark current intrinsic to the photodiodes is always working to charge the diode . 
"in the beginning it can be quite bewildering and not very informative ,  when you come in and see these things all over the place that are not necessarily organized for the reader . "
"“premier li keqiang has pledged to launch a ‘war on pollution’ ,  yet when citizens demonstrate their concerns for the environment they appear to be in harm’s way , ” sophie richardson ,  china director at human rights watch ,  said in a statement . "
"and so ,  people started going to the cricket to watch preity zinta . "
roll over .   /  -  he keeps saying  / that . 
when did you first start to date ? 
the chameleon can take on the colours of its background . 
it ' s the best way to shut people down on an airplane . 
"even in the eye of this storm ,  my mind is lucid and clear . "
"he said ,   "" do you know there ' s a solar - electrified village in sierra leone ?  "" "
"the third story is the idea that technology can solve everything , "
"normally “until” means something related to time ,  “i ' m going to be here until nine o ' clock , ” “i ' m going to be in los angeles until january 29th . ”"
are you telling me that my mother could see the end of everything ? 
which is just to the right  -  -  and moving around the site . 
"life is a pure flame ,  and we live by an invisible sun within us . "
" "" some local government officials here visited a sewage plant and saw that the treatment technology had come from japan .  they wanted a home - grown solution so they asked us to work on it ,  ""  he added . "
"the old waterfront inn still exists ,  although it has beenexpanded into a glamorous business hotel ,  the hoteld ’angleterre ,  with blood red velvet armchairs and contemporary art on everywall . "
"and through her self - defense ,  she grabbed their adam ' s apples , "
"combined with the technology mpeg4、xml、x3d ,  the virtual reality technology originated from the computer graphics makes a great leap with the effect that is a good likeness of the reality . "
i thought all this was to get her back . 
"people in the community designed the visitor center ,  which also own and manage  ( at manage )  . "
"they put a lot of focus and attention and ,  in the end ,  a lot of money"
i don ' t want to talk about it . 
i will offer a song that will forever remind us of martha
"i actually gotta warn the pervert ,  that bruce is out there . "
she ' s in worse shape than me these days . 
evil sunz orks ork obsession with the colour red to the decoration of their numerous vehicles . 
"lisbon ,  portugal ,  10 may–the value of portugal ' s imports from angola ,  which have traditionally been made up almost exclusively of oil ,  rose 241 - fold year on year in the first quarter ,  reducing portugal ' s balance of trade surplus in relation to the country ,  the portuguese national statistics institute ( ine )  said wednesday in lisbon . "
"and then a bbc crew came cruising through the biology department , "
can you fasten him down to a firm date ? 
this thesis has introduced the importance of software reengineering andsoftware reusing . 
"now ,  the mother then can go and reproduce ,  but what a terrible price to pay for the accumulation of this pollutant in these animals -  - the death of the first - born calf . "
great . you know what ? i ' d love to see those guys . 
the women threatened to report the violence of these men unless they stopped . 
did crab say what they wanted in return ? 
gate conditionality does not mitigate the adverse effect of gate review criteria . 
pqotd :   *  * this one is dedicated to a few of my closest friends that i don ' t get the pleasure of seeing too often . 
"when we get down to yard… get down for your fucking race ,  wood . "
the train took the wrong track and went to a work camp rather than the death camp . 
they ' il do everything they can to protect their mole . 
"so ,  imagine we look at a familiar object ,  just a candle in a holder , "
i ' ve been with the safe and loft squad . 
"his parents were european immigrants who did not go to college ,  and he himself was rejected from medical school . "
the future of mdc depends on you . 
political commentators have noted the rapprochement which has been taking place since the old president died . 
"hard as it is to believe ,  l . a .  ' s tandem at guard are now 13 year vets ,  but because of exceptional training and work ethic are still in phenomenal shape . "
why get married if you ' re gonna cheat ? 
we wish to be optimistic is not going to be created
send them an e - mail to ask about getting in touch with students from your area or identifying a few with interests similar to yours . 
"readers ,  are you one of these high  -  energy ,  no  -  sleep jugglers ? "
"mom ,  i lived at home through four years of college . "
"incredibly ,  kat ,  31 ,  had never even ridden a bike more than a few yards before they decided to take on the challenge ,  which they began in may this year . "
"while this loss of stature is attributed partially to shrinking bones and the other physiological effects of aging ,  some researchers say this is no coincidence at all . "
david has a film premiere he needs to attend . 
"the national hurricane center says isaac is expected to strengthen into a hurricane tuesday ,  before hitting the gulf coast somewhere between florida and louisiana . "
your lover will cost you dearly if you let them . 
you don ' t know him like i do . 
"with no thought for his own safety ,  the old man went off at a run to save the drowning boy . "
the index is at the back  ( of the book )  . 
"4 .  find out the boss ' s position without asking him ,  then mention it in front of him as your own .  … as one manager suggested ,   ""  .  .  .  if you just keep agreeing with the boss it might seem like you ' re sucking up .  .  .  but if you find out the boss '  opinion on a policy from talking to his friend and then later in talking to the boss you raise the same opinion .  .  .  it would come across as more sincere .  "" "
a boy may live in a minus neighborhood but not be a delinquent
"ln the bible it tells us that all things are possible with god ,  okay ? "
maybe we were making too much noise . 
it helps condition your body to fall asleep faster by creating a sleep habit and setting your circadian rhythm . 
the results show the copt alloy nanowire arrays are fcc structure . 
into all the depressing details ;  suffice it to say that the whole affair was an utter disaster . 
"another important force for the angolan economy will be the liquid natural gas project ,  worth an estimated us $ 8 billion ,  but which will only begin producing in january 2012 . "
we need to know why these people chose your family to victimize . 
another beautiful hole tree lined fairway and water bordering approach . 
"and there ' s a whole other type of play ,  which is object play . "
"don ' t be afraid to run these commands ,  because they won ' t eat up disk space or affect performance . "
"and with a friend of his ,  he took it upon himself to free - climb a redwood"
" "" we wake up every morning fighting over water ,   "" says kamal bhate ,  a local astrologer watching the melee . "
"i said ,   "" hi ,  hesa .  ""  and he said ,   "" hi .  ""  i said ,   "" happy new year .  "" "
"when you build them right ,  they will be led to completely new directions"
"beyond that ,  officials said they were already starting to phase out some of their emergency credit programs . "
he has done more to confuse and mystify the subject than to clear it up . 
" "" it appears the guilt of taking the property caused the return of the items .  "" "
"it ' s true of the world wide web .  i mean ,  anything that we can quantify , "
"an iced red wine will have a more tannic acid character than those in chilled room temperature .  so ,  it tastes acerbic . "
数据来源：美国能源情报署 never has the un’s kyoto protocol looked sorrier . 
i received a dissertation of the year award for experimental particle physics . 
the authoring approaches we offer do not require specialized skills . 
that was -  -  that was -  -  we had somethin '  . 
"as the new semester begins ,  millions of college students across the country are trying hard to remember how best to write a paper–or ,  more likely ,  how best to delay that paper . "
"after this message ,  javier us say the forecast of rain . "
we are importing 200 imitation sables per week . 
some scholars are appalled that we are once again trying to pay children for improved school performance and attribute recent programs to collective amnesia . 
there ' s no surface oil pollution from this composite map . 
"to scan the brain ,  or any part of the body . "
the economic downturn has cut prices for recyclables by half or more since last summer . 
"genetic coadaptability of four loci  ( adh ,  es  -  d ,  α  -  gpd ,  es )  was studied in wild quail and domestic quail populations . "
she did a lot of actings while she was at college . 
"unfortunately ,  my diamond watch is with the watchmaker . "
we don ' t have a pipeline that we can deposit these molecules into . 
she is an ardent bruce springsteen fan ;  she has joined his fan club . 
each of which has an infinite number of points in it . 
getting very cold .  the northern hemisphere had massive growing ice sheets . 
"so all the red sides ,  for example ,  face one direction :  south . "
and this is a really fundamental component of how cells work . 
are you aware that your mind is always occupied with thoughts ? 
"so ,  here in los angeles hollywood is a neighborhood ;  it ' s not a separate city ,  it ' s part of the city of los angeles . "
"but if you start working with it and playing with it in a certain way , "
would i be any good at what i do if i didn ' t fucking already know that ? 
she left me standing there without an answer . 
"they need us ,  but they don ' t like us ,  sir . "
"that didn’t matter so much 20 years ago when personal computers were few and far between ,  but times have changed . "
"so this is a two year extension of compulsory schooling for two years ,  so they were able to simply improve their skills .  "" "
"and yet ,  no matter how much we deny it ,  the child will not – cannot – go away . "
we need all the pixie dust we can get . 
moftec shall decide within 45 days on approval or rejection . 
"wikileaks founder julian assange was in court today ,  and when the judge asked for his address he said he didn ' t want to give out that information . "
"it isn ' t official or anything ,  but it ' s on . "
his wicked trick is to get the kids to kick bricks and lick the cricket ticket . 
around the globe .  we ' re going to have to have no - take zones . 
i did what so many men have done throughout history …when a woman has broken their heart…
"as big an effect ,  as perhaps you would like it to have . "
chinese applicant also has to pay a considerable fee to an immigration agency . 
there ' s no way i ' d put lili and the professor on the line . 
scientists are still searching for a cure to the common cold . 
"in 1982 ,  i got a prize from the lindbergh foundation  -  - "
understanding how the animals acquire and make use of these new genes could have implications for medicine . 
"for security reasons ,  your actions have to remain top secret ,   - "
"make her blind and deaf ,  and you have a helen keller . "
can ' t use you  ' cause your feet ' s too big
this is the genomic revolution today .  this is where we are . 
give it a listen for yourself below and let me know what you think in the comment area . 
there is diametrical density gradient in the products densified by pressure gradient cvd and it is necessary to improve the structure of carbon fiber preform to overcome the disavantage of cvd process
"could it have been  "" production for use ""  ? "
"the key is to indulge in the morning ,  when the body ' smetabolismis at its most active and we are better able to work off the extra calories throughout the day ,  according to professor daniela jakubowicz and her team . "
"well ,  you hear about them all the time . "
don ' t you write your old man off just yet . 
"that we cracked this thing of the dependence on fossil fuels , "
"their humbler followers ,  such as partridges ,  have a like power of strong propulsion ,  but soon tire . "
"it is subject to frequent clean - up campaigns ,  but the current one garnered widespread attention because it was preceded by a series of controversial investigative reports by state broadcaster china central television . "
you ' re going to have to put the servers where the blue dots are
"zhang qi ,  head of sunshine volunteer group ,  based in beijing ,  agrees that volunteering in africa can be rewarding . "
"83 .  although parents would be able to devote much more time and energy to their children ,  it must be admitted that parents have little experience and knowledge on how to educate and supervise the children when compared with teachers working in kindergartens or nursery schools . "
"there are 28 patienrs with cprand mods ,  the death mainly connects with the primary affection ,  the old age and the number of organ crocked up . "
"media companies ,  including the wall street journal ,  say hackers from china have infiltrated their systems . "
"if you ' re going to put a kid in the ad ,  pick one that looks alive . "
and don ' t call me unless you got news . 
" "" he keepeth his creatures whole ,  ""  was not written of beasts alone . "
peeling in the animal .  peeling in the mecho - gecko  -  - 
"for the continent ,  for the people and for yourselves . "
museums should have a more involved or relevant public role . 
"yeah ,  seth ,  i showed you where chris ' s desk is ,  right ? "
there must be appropriate reductions for those whose burdens are too heavy . 
"so ,  with nobody telling anybody what to do ,  how is it that"
debate is blood sport .  it ' s combat .  but your weapons are words . 
"when you get to de gallo ,  you ' re gonna turn this big bastard left ,  and you ' re gonna go down a couple of miles until you see a bar called the titty twister . "
got himself locked up in azkaban for it . 
she was rummaging around in her bag for her keys . 
the teaching and validating of first aid skills for civil servants and other employees in large organizations are normal duties of the ams . 
he became as happy as if his tender for building a mansion had been accepted . 
i ' m the voice you normally listen to in the middle of the night . 
"perhaps it is not for this reviewer to talk ,  since he produced a book on johnson himself ,  but as the girl said ,  it was only a little one a wicked publisher seduced me ,  and i have promised never ,  never to do it again . "
it can produce two - color and off color leather .  cost is reduced by using non sticking newspaper device . 
" "" your plan is a white flag of surrender in iraq ,  and that is not what our troops need to hear today ,  that ' s for sure ,  ""  she said . "
this instrument came up in those pictures .  it ' s called the mouth bow . 
in order to make the venture more profitable we need to process the material in a volume that makes sense . 
"enjoy life by living in the present .  don ' t wait to start enjoying your life someday – today is that day !  start living a part of your dreams now .  you can do this by doing little things everyday that make you feel as if you are already living your dream .  enjoy a cup of coffee in that luxury hotel in which you ' ve dreamed of staying .  go to the dealership and sit in the mercedes you want to buy .  buy the outfit that makes you feel like a top executive .  save money every day so that you can literally visualize your financial freedom .  when you start doing little things like this every day ,  you will feel as if you are presently living your dream .  you will begin to feel the abundance of living in the present .  you will feel the great feeling of gratitude for what you have now .  living in the present will help you live the life of your dreams now . "
one of the hottest areas of nanoresearch 4 is better drug delivery . 
alderman richard thompson initiated the program after he saw a newspaper photograph of a firefighter in superior giving mouth - to - mouth resuscitation to a cat rescued from a house fire . 
"at the center of the galaxy ,  now that we know that there is , "
"and then ,  based on that principle ,  he started looking around"
"and gene was showing natasha how to use a knife and fork , "
"deputy secretary general of chongqing government wang yinfeng and his suite ,  officials from general office of the people ' s government of chongqing municipality ,  education commission of chongqing municipality ,  financial services office ,  chongqing municipal bureau of finance ,  inspected our university . "
"but you are unlike ,  accredit the soldier at abroad ,  the sea air force and the strategy missile base is also built in abroad . "
"supporters of a presidential candidate in egypt have responded to calls by the muslim brotherhood to form a human chain as they campaign ahead of next week ' s elections .  they are trying to form a chain spanning a distance of 1 , 200km ,  the longest in the world . "
"and the idea also entering another realm of representation that ' s very common to us today , "
"during a subsequent luggage search ,  customs officers allegedly found six live ,  native shingle back lizards inside a plastic container . "
"this is a  "" green - eyed man ""  written all of it ! "
in case i really got to bury one . 
this is why she had to leave . 
refugees international says camps for the displaced in the capital mogadishu are being controlled by people with links to militia who intimidate refugees and siphon off food and other assistance . 
its partners reportedly manage sixty - five businesses said to be worth about sixty billion dollars . 
and you realized that you forgot to try one medication . 
"this fear is the result of thought ,  and brahman is the product of thought ,  too . "
"it is a structural element .  but its dimensions were designed not only for structure , "
"and then one day ,  he found her again ,  inside his house . "
"in the thesis ,  the general character and designing methods and aesthetic value of evolutively visual track of literal symbol can be concluded by having a primary research in the chinese characters and foreign letters and having a vertical scan the phenomenon of the chinese characters and foreign letters as a symbol being used in modern design widely . "
city services and facilities have been strained to a breaking point . 
we ' ve only got abouta half - hour of breathing time left . 
"he also said that the registration aimed to include angolan companies in public tenders for the oil sector in the areas of training / consultancy ,  food / drink and supply of office equipment . "
4 .  share news that adds another dimension to your qualifications . 
i ' d like to show you first - hand . 
take this full box away and bring me an empty one . 
and every year they fail to because they don ' t want to hurt i . m .  pei ' s feelings . 
"thomas klau ,  head of the paris office of the european council on foreign relations ,  doubts the leaders in paris will back that plan .   "" i don ' t think we ' ll get agreement on that because the germans for one are very much against it ,  ""  he said .   "" but i do expect some commitment to reinforce coordination .  "" "
"if i was your girlfriend ,  i would never be able to tell you all about the other asshole guys i date and pretend i don ' t see how much it crushes you . "
"that ' s where it really belongs anyway ,  isn ' t it ? "
don ' t overload your lecture with details that do not bear on the topic under discussion . 
"we didn ' t qualify for medical treatment ,  no food stamp ,  no gr , "
objective to evaluate significance of mycobacterium tuberculosis l forms in pathogenesis of silicotuberculosis and silicosis . 
"she starts to fall ,  and then i wake up . "
so i ' m going to put the slide up now .  it won ' t be up for long . 
conducting the premiere of a symphony without a rehearsal requires temerity . 
"new policies ,  organizations and procedures will spring up amid the devastation . "
the state must have a compelling interest in restricting the woman ' s right . 
 ( man  # 3 )  they ' re spreadin '  out in the field ! 
"if one has to blame oneself ,  one has a million reasons plus many . "
we could have caught a taxi if you ' d hurried
"in changchun area ,  the moho thickness reaches about 36km , and under the crater of changbai - tianchi volcano the depth of moho reaches about 38km ,  while beneath jinpohu volcanic area ,  moho depth is about 39km . "
"i agree with you that we have had very friendly and successful talks ,  covering a whole range of issues ofrelevanceto both our countries . "
did she drink because i was bad ? 
leave a note at the hotel about our meeting time . 
the artist views reality through imagination .  .  .  rather than simply recording it . 
"what ' s the effect of this ?  so ,  the story that most people know"
"if he ' s stupid enough to walk away ,  be smart enough to let him go . "
"ha ha ,  bring it on ,  you short bearded faggot . "
"the 49 - year - old entrepreneur served as a local government official in nanjing ,  the former chinese capital ,  from 1988 to 1993 ,  before founding sanpower group ,  which controls nanjing xinjiekou ,  one of china’s oldest department stores . "
"once the reactor has shut down ,  there remains  "" decay heat ""  from traces of other radioactive isotopes . "
"i ' m working on an article about acme widgets for xyz publication ,  and wondered if you had a few minutes to answer the following three questions . "
"ipsos questioned people in china ,  turkey ,  russia ,  mexico ,  south korea ,  japan ,  the united states ,  argentina ,  hungary ,  poland ,  sweden ,  france ,  spain ,  belgium ,  canada ,  australia ,  italy ,  south africa ,  great britain ,  indonesia ,  germany . "
"others fall apart under pressure ,  while a few people do well despite the pressure . "
"well ,  reyes and crowe dodged one championship point . "
"people in the latter tend to see this as unfair ,  because it is undeserved . "
the guys want to enter the wing of the third . 
the province boundaries are marked in with a fine mapping pen . 
"i admitted to myself how hurt i really was ,  that i felt rejected ,  cast aside ,  humiliated ,  and spat on . "
"leasing encourages a disciplined approach to acquiring ,  deploying and disposing computer equipment . "
"irish prime minister enda kenny said mrs .  thatcher was '  a formidable political leader who had a significant impact on british ,  european and world politics .   ' "
"in the shadow of ausangate ,  the most sacred of all apus , "
"the musicians and fellow travelers had been stuck on thetarmacfor several hours waiting to take off when a group of players decided to bring out their instruments andserenadethe aircraft with a rendition of antonin dvorak ' s  "" american ""  stringquartetno . "
"simply the easiest way to share photos from your computer ,  this service turns a folder full of photos on your computer into a fully -  functional photo gallery in an instant . "
blogsphere is the most feature  - laden of the three templates . 
implementing diagnostic criteria and esti -  mating frequency of mild cognitive impairment in an urban community
there was a sudden crackle of rifle - fire from behind the pawnshop and a plume of smoke curled up against the sky . 
his grandfather was blown to blazes during the second world war . 
"“exports increased due to increased steel production in china ,  ”said the director of the goa association of iron ore exporters . "
"extending over 20 kilometers ,  the light railway is expected to cost around 4 . 2 billion patacas ( us $ 525 million )  . "
this position clear at a glance down the entire river . 
almost every book that danielle steele write have become a best  -  seller . 
"tomorrow is a normal championship day ,  while tuesday extra match for us and for napoli . "
and all hydraulic at he process of the motive power transmission would produce pressure losses . 
you want to tell me what you were doing ? 
"in information retrieval ,  a word used to categorize or index information . "
no one could figure out how he got to be so wealthy . 
"homeowners ,  meanwhile ,  have little recourse to reclaim their obstructed views unless local ordinances offer view protection or procedures to resolve disputes .  absent city guidelines ,  property owners are allowed to use their property as they wish including for planting tall trees . "
records were lost in the war . 
this has come  ' round to be that all those naked pachyderms
"methods the chatillon force measuring instrument was used to record the retention of gold alloy ( casting )  akers clasps when they were dislodged from the undercuts of different depths ( 0 . 25 mm , 0 . 375 mm ,  ( 0 . 50 mm )  and 0 . 75 mm )  on the premolar and molar .  all data were analyzed by anova . "
"“debating isn’t a quarrel .  students should know that the criteria for deciding the winner is reasoned argument , ” said zheng . "
is there anything more important than happiness
the tribesmen picked up great rocks to hurl at us . 
"gigantoraptor had long arms ,  bird  - like legs ,  a toothless jaw ,  and probably a beak .  there are no clear signs as to whether it was feathered . "
"at present the research of colonial landscape of qsingtau in modern timesgenerally are staying for basic data ,  and these data scattered disorderly are short of specialistic theory . "
"i think really what they want ,  they want a reality check on the attorney down there . "
if it is about what happened today
filling the cylinder with lead shot to simulate a sample ' s weight . 
"nearly half of those in the bbc poll said that the election of mr .  obama ,  an african  -  american ,  would “fundamentally change ” their perceptions of the united states . "
there are hardly any of them living here now . 
the maradona and pelé polemics will end and the best thing is that messi is argentinian . 
i would be true to a girl worth fighting .  .  . 
i don ' t think they like that idea . 
the waiter collected the dishes from the kitchen and carried them through into the restaurant . 
"we ' re gonna get the fuck out of here ,  kana . "
even the catholic church of the middle ages was tolerant by modern standards . 
"teacher :  christ ,  a person could be trusted because he is believable .  you have forgotten many times . "
kinematics and mechanics analysis of cutting unit for continuous miner
"but if it is hard to fix the precise instant ,  the subtle step when the mind opted for death ,  it is easier to deduce from the act itself the consequences it implies . "
turkish tv broadcast graphic images of three dead bodies believed to be the attackers outside the entrance to the consulate .  turkish reports say a number of other people were injured . 
"for example :  the facture of alternate icon ,  ramus program and shortcut area of button . "
you could be a work of art if you just go all the way
"pressure for consolidation is likely to come partly from institutional investors ,  who are keen to reduce the number of equities they hold in each sector . "
lord devereaux ' s riding up the road on a bicycle . 
"the focal point of this course teaching lies in the practice is operated and learnt to study ,  is it with discussion and cultivation ,  image of aesthetics ,  photography of theory ,  make learner familiar matchmaker material characteristic of photography and use to complement . "
"with another seven still being saved as the vehicle stocks turn over , "
"standing on hind legs offered advantages — seeing long distances ,  for one ,  or freeing the hands to do other things — but it also turned our backs from an arched bridge to an s shape . "
at the bombing of guernica my grandfather went angry into the forrest . 
but certainly for the ted conference and sylvia  -  - 
"“it is clearly going to be an election that comes down to the wire , ” said wallach . "
"i have to travel seven oceans ,  and i have to come and see you . "
they ' re sharing their love for each other and for body modification . 
i mean faster than the long way around . 
by 2011 this technology had brought some forms of card fraud in britain to their lowest level in two decades . 
what did you in the drying house ? 
"well ,  i have not seen or know of any police misconduct . "
the prime minister fired a broadside at his critics . 
"however ,  the game is expected to re launch any day now . "
more information on the prison riot in norwalk . 
"because you can know something intellectually ,  you can know what to do"
this is the part which they found silicon . 
"my alliance ,  like nato ,  was more powerful than their alliance ,  i was safe . "
because whoever strappedholden into the bomb didn ' t get what they wanted . 
" "" and ,  when the anchor had been cast and the ladder lowered , "
"it’s early days ,  but the exit polls suggest a clear trend . "
please tell me the procedure for opening a savings account . 
"but if you look past the bias ,  they actually have a lot in common . "
that has nothing to do with this . 
his failure to observe the safety regulation resulted in an accident to the machine ．
"from the sound of things ,  you all do . "
"earlier ,  suicide bombers killed at least 20 soldiers and policemen in other parts of iraq . "
"that you hear about all the time :  the africa of hiv / aids , "
"by and large ,  then ,  according to memory experts ,  all these statements are false . "
" "" on the happy occasion of the announcement of your betrothal ,  ""  he finished ,  bending over her hand . "
8 .  pollution is legally controlled and enforced through various federal and state laws . 
"mould other than injection - or compression - type moulds  ( excl .  of graphite or other carbon and of ceramics or glass )  ,  for rubber or plstics"
and when the soul can really become peaceful as our busy bodies pass into urban uproar all the day ? 
one position opens a lock and another position opens one of these doors . 
"in the world ' s broad field of battle ,  in the bivouac of life ,  be not like dumb ,  driven cattle !  be a hero in the strife ! "
"we know  -  -  20 million dollars today ,  you can go and buy a ticket , "
you don ' t get sandwiched amongst enough people .  .  .  you wind up never knowing any . 
the road from independence has been a painful one for east timor and analysts predict that foreign peacekeepers are likely to stay in the troubled country for years to come . 
"japan ' s consul general to answer is :   "" the military action ,  no right to deal with consular .  "" "
"every time i miss you ,  a star falls . so if you ever look up at the sky and the stars are gone ,  it ' s because you made me miss you too much ! "
some believe europe will be able to weather the financial storm better than the united states but many say it is just too early to say . 
"dough or paste consisting primarily of flour ,  water ,  and shortening that is baked and often used as a crust for foods such as pies and tarts . "
and how do you intend that we escape ? 
well obviously i had to find a lab to work at
i had an arranged marriage and it was a blunder that i did on my honeymoon . 
"notable is ,  in creditor logical choice requests to repair ,  change ,  when re - act ,  depreciation perhaps removes the means such as goods ,  debtor must value the option of creditor . "
is this theyoung manyou were telling us about ? 
"what did you make me do ,  kelley ? "
scotland ' s second city now has a  $ 115 million museum designed by zaha hadid to go with its shiny new harbor and river promenade . 
"and like his son ,  aaron wharton advanced against an armed man . "
"each lamp is handcrafted in ravenna ,  italy ,  of fiberglass and then coated with a layer of natural italian stones .  these lamps give any space a natural warm atmosphere .  can be used as ambient lighting on the floor or table top . "
he ' s with his lover .   -   #  deck the halls with bows of holly  # 
you shouldsee what i ' m packing up here . 
"2 .  think outside the box .  if you ' re between jobs and you ' re worried it ' ll end up being an extended gap ,  consider doing voluntary work .  this will give you something recent to put on your resume .  you should also consider taking relevant courses .  this shows you are an ambitious individual who is always looking to improve their skill set . "
"now ,  i will tell a story about a monkey – bangbang . "
we use the small dragonfly as bait to fish the big one . 
"a new law expanding the powers of the turkey ' s secret service comes into effect today . it extends its ability to tap phone conversations , "
we ' ve lost that capability .  we abandoned it in  ' 72 . 
they could still perhaps play a wind instrument if it was supported on a stand . 
"i was sitting next to a very nice gentleman in kabul , "
in this country you will not easily see the remote likes of greaves again -  - which is the problem :  where are the exciting prospects a football season should produce ? 
"a simple visor with a sweat band ,  like a � headsweats visor ,  will keep both the sun and sweat out of your eyes when you ' re running . "
the real difficulties and suffering bring the aesthetic mirage of distant era . 
"no ,  the dna tells a story that ' s very clear . "
"maybe ,  there ' s got to be a hundred in this building . "
"we were not going all the way to vladivostok ,  but we were to spend the next four nights on board . "
"the research has been done using literature retrieval ,  field survey and interview method . "
total angolan oil reserves are estimated to be 12 . 4 billion barrels . 
" "" a lot of the somalis who reach yemen tell us that they have nothing left to lose ,  ""  he said .   "" that they see no hope for the future ,  that the conflict in somalia has gone on for so long that they see no future for themselves and they see no future for their children .  so ,  they take this enormous risk and many of them have died .  hundreds and hundreds have died and many hundreds are also missing .  "" "
my mother has had a new central hearting system put in . 
"comment by xu jun ,  hr manager at guangqi honda automobile co ltd : "
"you know ,  i ' m interviewing for a new secretary . "
"core them ,  and the skins will slip off easily . "
"this thesis ,  through "" the craziness of people after their humanity distortion ""  ,  is to find out the common humanity features of the two figures and to make a thorough analysis and study of the two figures from the new cut . "
we cannot exclude the possibility that he killed his wife . 
"we told scotty we were coming over here ,  asked him if he wanted some work . "
and it ' s on a direct course for earth . 
"mrs .  x ,  i need totalk to you about something . "
to sprint around racetrack as a means of exercise .  used of a racehorse . 
"ginger ,  our friend annie and i decided to walk on the nature trail . "
hence doing business 2007 offers clear advice for recently elected governments :  take advantage of your new mandate and push through significant reforms at the start of your term . 
and here we are taking the air . 
"belinda :  true ,  which is good for students and young adults like us . "
"he said ,  he ' il come back as a ghost to haunt you"
borg implants can cause severe skin irritations . 
"his political was to build an ideal country ,  the kings would standardize their behavior with confucian theory ,  and standardize the order with the description in <  < zhouli >  >  in order to realize the unity of society ,  and finally achieve the realm of "" sacred inside and monarch outside ""  . "
i -  i think i remember it pretty well from last year . 
it ' s not iike i need a play - by - play . 
because you cannot talk about race without talking about privilege . 
i really hope you ' re referring to richard wilkes . 
recently we were told by a student that setting aside time for improving his physical fitness would be a total misuse of his working hours . 
it was during samaranch ' s reign that china returned to the olympics in 1984 after a 32 - year absence .  and awarding the 2008 olympics to beijing was widely regarded as one of samaranch ' s final legacies at the end of his olympic reign in 2001 . 
the system uses a lot of cameras to take pictures of a person from different positions . 
"actually this one is particularly easy ,  these pictures were all taken"
"i can ' t let you have the puppy ,  but you might have a shot with the big dog . "
"four years later ,  paula yates was dead from an accidental heroin overdose . "
"john thorbjarnarson , saviour of crocodilesdied ,  on february 14th ,  aged 52 ; "
i don ' t have the site .  it ' s just the piece itself . 
the rocks shif t when laputa floats overhead . 
faults :  weak or slack back ;  roached back ;  sloping topline . 
"season with salt and freshly ground black pepper .  stir in mixed chopped fresh herbs  ( parsley ,  basil ,  oregano ,  thyme and / or chives )  if desired . "
"a normal roof would protect from the hail stones ,  which will be like the hail experienced during violent windstorms ,  where hail of ice falls and ruins crop . "
"after much questioning ,  he elicited the truth from the boy . "
i should be the one who fights him . 
"the integrated construction of "" strike ,  protect ,  control ""  is the first project to implement comprehensive administration in the society ' s public order '  the vital measure to establish long - efficiency administration mechanism in public order . "
there are several reasons some mothers may not be able to breastfeed . 
"and one reason is because of something i call the  "" growing lethality of hatred .  "" "
we owe it to marconi and bell that we can now talk to the people on the other side of the world . 
can you tell me where to get the battery . 
"you know ,  you name it  -  -  jewelry ,  bling - bling  -  -  it had it all . "
"but we can still benefit from cheating at a low degree , "
and the bee is talking to me ! 
"these human rights empower people to pursue lives of dignity – thus ,  no government can bestow them but all governments should protect them . "
"chris ,  who is a member of the school ' s student executive ,  said :   ' i didn ' t think it would be that influential ,  but i ' m really happy . "
and the silk being formed from a spider .  isn ' t that beautiful ? 
their spirits haven ' t been bastardized and destroyed by the wants of adults and society at large that occurs at a later date as the child matures . 
"i just like when you stay in ,  cause it ' s always hot . "
"if you can stop the ball , i ' m going to give you five bucks , "
now scientists believe a genetic variant can make some people far more sensitive to fatmoleculesthan others . 
for 3 months i ringside seat  -  or should i say a bird ' s  -  eye view  -  of god ' s amazing handiwor k . 
composition :  bovine meat and bone meal ?  produced from the solid material left over after the dehydration of the offal and removal of the fat . 
the nuclear non  -  proliferation treaty will come under further pressure . 
"defining “similar” with regard to amino acids can complex :  the 2amino acids differ from one another in all sorts of properties ,  from size to shape to electric charge . "
"i got you again ,  yes !   /  -  nailed it ! "
"it ' s working ,  it just needs to build up enough power for the shield to activate . "
"sir ,  nobody could ' ve known what was happening up at that ranch . "
"in other words ,  business as usual in america . "
noisy students have a distractive effect on those who want to study . 
in the game we got ten points while the medical school got only three . 
"speech in this circle ,  if not always decent ,  never became lewd . "
but we do not intend for the nice  - to - do features to affect the release date . 
"i was gonna tell him a story about you ,  daddy . "
"and they turned around ,  headed back to the coast , "
i ' m the smartest guy that was in the village . 
acpa is increased in vm .  cs treatment may decrease the acpa . 
"successfully applied to mass - production of various radiators ,  the aluminium welding process corporated together with the non -  corrosive , flux nocolok possesses the merits of both salt - contained flux welding and vacuum welding , the welded parts can be put into use without rinse and corrossion - prevention treatment . "
"with recent improvements in transistorized circuits ,  the range is being constantly improved . "
"ma  ' am ,  this is a very old house . "
"president bush says pakistan is playing an important role in the war on terrorism ,  and could serve as a model for other muslim nations .  mr .  bush spoke at the conclusion of talks with pakistani president pervez musharraf . "
"democratic reformers facing repression ,  prison ,  or exile can know :  america sees you for who you are :  the future leaders of your free country . "
"in 2005 ,  car industry profits fell 24 . 3 percent ,  maintaining the trend begun in 2004 when there was a fall of 5 . 2 percent . "
" "" i don ' t think any actor ever worries about the whole thing of scene stealing . "
"when we go to see a movie ,  my friend always makes a beeline for the place where they sell popcorn . "
it’s been a summer of great expectations .  hollywood blockbusters such as the avengers and prometheus have attracted millions of filmgoers and made a load of money . 
"since the technique takes as its starting point the as -  built programme ,  it is entirely backward looking and is therefore fully retrospective with the objective of modelling what actually happened . "
"fuchs ,  you start working on a new technique . "
"note :  very carefully ,  don ' t let the paint to come out . "
"he gets up ,  leaps onto his scooter ,  races through the city"
"the name of this track is  "" the magic to come .  "" "
"based on materialistic historicism , marx , allied the engendering of ideology with the development of work division , class and power of interest group , posted ideology ' s engendering mechanism and its conflicting characteristics of societal function . "
"say five percent ,  or the next offer ' s four . "
the economy of the country is at a low ebb . 
changes like that have made it harder for many people to see the road ahead . 
"so ,  about two and a half hours of the day we could collect with a stationary component . "
"that say science has to catch up to art , "
"in the market ,  i breathed the smells of the orient . "
"h  _  2 o as emitting material ,  their el properties were described briefly . "
" ( 4 ) based on the natural characteristics of license plate ,  rough character segmentation is realized by scanning line by line ,  and precise scanning is accomplished by combining vertical projection with scanning back . "
"bi feiyu ' s corn represents his series of novels that are overtly or covertly related to cultural revolution ,  betraying the author ' s strong cultural revolution complex . "
this article mainly expounds the following companys building and are many problems in financial affairs management . 
i never had trophies exposed in my home – never ever . 
they use it to simulate the rigors of spaceflight . 
and give them that number of balloons to hold . 
"plainly pagan ,  rather than religious ,  life interested him ,  although as yet he was not fully aware of this . "
repair bifurcate :  the lubricant in protecting hair vegetable can the bifurcate of repair hair . 
"practices in various localities consistently show that “farming with minimal or acceptable environmental effects is possible in many ecosystems as long as proper safeguards are in place to minimize nutrient and chemical discharge and to manage its immediate and cumulative impacts , ” according to the noaa report . "
"this month ,  the australian high court ruled in support of a law that bars tobacco companies from putting their logos or colors on cigarette packages . "
mr depardieu who ' s angry at the french government ' s attempts to raise the top rate of tax to 75 %  will pay just 13 %  income tax if he lives in russia for at least 6 months a year . 
be wholly responsible for financial ledgers and tax coordination .  keep good relationship with bank and tax bureau on behalf of company . 
"and if that doesn ' t work ,  then ,  you know ,  just kick her in the nuts . "
"the active form of angiotensin constricts or narrows the arteries ,  but the inactive form cannot . "
remember the last time you were home ? 
"sit ,  don ' t move your cute british butt . "
it ' s just that she was so beautiful . 
"the formulas of the critical edge load and critical load are expanded from the two -  dimensional stress state to the three - dimensional stress state by using smp  ( matsuoka - nakai )  strength criterion to substitute for mohr - coulomb strength criterion ,  and the new formulas are proposed in chapter three . "
there ' s no such things as two walls and a ceiling
even when companies are losing a lot of money . 
"and ,  believe it or not ,  there were hisses in the audience . "
" "" stephen was the kindest ,  gentlest soul .  we send our love and condolences to his partner andy and to all his friends everywhere ,  ""  elton john said in a statement . "
mr .  ukel says his ministry has asked southern sudanese teachers outside the country to return . 
the tourism minister also said that the office in china would be opened in partnership with argentina . 
"the first involved five human volunteers eating 8oz sirloin steaks ,  plus a carnitine supplement . "
the boat gave a lurch sideways towards the rocks . 
they are not a gift from god . 
"a 90 - year - old hungarian ,  surrounded by a bevy of middle - aged european women"
" ' it ' s a bad bargain ,  '  he says .  ' they must value education .  giving them bribes is corrupting that value .  ' "
you can have him for six weeks . 
and the director of this school  -  -  a remarkable man named silas rhodes  -  - 
that was for his stupid grin . 
i won ' t ask you any more favors for a year ! 
why don ' t we just leave her out of this . 
"hub ,  mobile one and seller have entered the office . "
"this can happen through not eating enough or from accidentally taking too much insulin ,  but some diabetics might not notice the warning signs ,  such as going pale and feeling shaky . "
"clinton told lawmakers she has accepted all of the recommendations of an independent review board ,  85 percent of which will be completed by the end of march . "
"so in my poetical career ,  when the rainy season was in the ascendant there were only my vaporous fancies which stormed and showered ;  my utterance was misty ,  my verses were wild . "
a semiconductor diode array that is programmed by fusing or burning out diode junctions . 
"four years ,  going out from the alley slowly at first ,  my field of vision is widening ,  the roadside scenes are enriching ,  my experience is becoming more and more and my thoughts are deeper and deeper . "
but worry about the perception of how people see themselves
"but i was quoting wright morris ,  a writer from nebraska ,  who says , "
you have no to choke to be an absolute being shooter
my old man used to tell me we were going to get a flying car . 
"and i think ,  as you ' ll see ,  there ' s reasons for optimism , "
"first all ,  professional experts ,  research ,  for us to be objective and fair analysis . "
"and conditions have remained treacherous .  although government officials say a few teams could still try to clime mount everest , "
i have been happy with your work . 
so the last mechanical turk project i ' m going to talk to you about
"more and more ,  banks are losing talent to teach for america ,  a fact that may turn out to be one of the mosthearteningconsequences of the financial crisis . "
"there is ,  i ' m an etiquette to offering nearly new items of good pedigree to one ' s friends . "
it ' s just the way we are . 
"oh .  .  . canada  ( sigh )   .  .  . the boys from winnepeg work hard backstage at the paramount in huntington ,  ny .  where are u ? "
there ' s been a lot of trouble in that country in the past year . 
hurun list of the richest women in the chinese mainland was released on october 15 .  zhang yin tops the list with personal wealth of 33 billion yuan . 
"as a result ,  if you rely on database sequences  ( such as for automatic primary key generation )  ,  it ' s likely that an identical primary key will show up across a set of databases . "
people gathered saturday in dc at thelincoln memorial as part of an event that glenn beck was hosting . 
so is there any hope ?  the screens are getting smaller . 
"while black is always the safest option ,  gray and navy blue are also good choices . "
"james ,  you and i should go out some night . "
"i thought ,  you’re hearing things ,  you’re such a dreamer ,  what is the likelihood — your boyhood friend ? "
"after i defeatyou and become alpha lion ,  you ' il have more time to spend with your pathetic son . "
"pang wei ,  a chinese olympic debutant ,  nailed down gold medal in men ' s 10  - meter air pistol event with 688  . 2 points at the beijing shooting range hall on saturday . "
"including russia ' s deputy prime minister dmitry rogozin ,  who took to twitter to point out that he didn ' t have property or a bank account overseas . "
the episode could reasonably serve as a unique epic of royal espionage ! 
for his state legislature to impeach him and get him out of office . 
to serve as [  color =  # 0000 ff ]  sales promoter [  /  color ]  in a multinational corporation with a view to promotion in position and assignment in parent company ' s branch abroad . 
and we think that these affect the way language is learned . 
"so at 3 : 13 ,  i want that money here , motherfucker . "
"and we only get the one chance :  if we mess up our spaceship , "
it ' s not that i ' m just so desperate to celebrate
do these colours go well together  ( ie harmonize with each other )  ? 
i couldn ' t deal with the success of furniture  -  - 
"china - laos borderline ,  which lasts 505 kilometers ,  was officially demarcated in 1993 . "
"before he had drunk his second tumbler of tea the three  - horsed postcart drove up to the porch with ringing bells ,  the wheels rattling on the frozen mud as on stones . "
"i remember ,  i was 1 1  . "
"“after all ,  it’s generally accepted that it’s best to be serious and low - key in the workplace , ” he concluded . "
"going to do with the space during the day , "
i think we got it pretty well covered from hrre . 
where did you say you met these guys ? 
"under the condition of this experiment ,  addition of purified xylanase at 1 . 5 mg / kg is revealed to be the optimum dosage .  at this enzyme level ,  the bread volume increases by 43 %  ,  the crumb hardness decreases by 44 %  ,  and bread staling process is delayed . "
"morpheus ,  that door will take you home . "
"conference participants argued that poor countries remain especially at risk to the effects of global warming .  they say if left unchecked ,  global warming could spur conflict and puts millions of people at risk drought ,  mudslides ,  food shortages and illness . "
leading officials of these organs were all appointed by the central government . 
see the flux vortex in these false color images ? 
and we need to be able to pump possible solutions into models . 
"where there are cool colors ,  people are usually quiet . "
going into town after town with people standing around on corners
"the answer that he should order his life so that he can find the greatest happiness in it is more a practical question ,  similar to that of how a man should spend his weekend ,  than a metaphysical proposition as to what is the mystic purpose of his life in the scheme of the universe . "
objective :  to explore the possibility of transvaginal ultrasound using on evaluating therapeutic effect adenomyosis . 
in 2008 stock markets in the developing world were savaged . 
"the paper introduces the application of image processing technique in fibre ,  yarn and fabric measurements including measuring fiber ' s fineness and crimp ,  cotton fiber ' s maturity ,  yarn blending rate and fabric ' s density and puffing ,  etc . "
"i don ' t think you tore it ,  though . "
"a second criticism is that the mbti mistakenly assumes that personality falls into mutually exclusive categories .  you are either an extrovert or an introvert ,  but never a mix of the two .  yet most people fall somewhere in the middle .  if the mbti also measured height ,  you would be classified as either tall or short ,  even though the majority of people are within a band of medium height . "
"a few years ago ,  i was running some of my own experiments in the lab . "
radiators turn themselves on when it is cold therefore radiators are rational .  now don ' t laugh because lots of people try to convince me of this . 
kitchen storage feature wall  -  -  kitchen cabinets in vibrant kelly green act as a feature wall . 
"slower growth ,  the bpi analysts said ,  is“more diversified and creates employment ,  ”and therefore , “more favourable for angola ,  despite being less impressive . ”"
"but it ' s good for you if i waved ,  and i guess i felt everything was fine . "
"let k ( m , n )  - a denote the bipartite graph obtained by deleting two edges from a complete bipartite graph k ( m , n )  . "
"the paper analyzed the mechanism of the early moisture damage on the basis of survey ,  had carried out a series of laboratory tests to study the prevention measures from three aspects ,  that were gradation of the surface course and compaction capacity and the anti - stripping performance of hydrated lime qua anti - stripping agent . "
she is up to her neck in this ! 
"any move by companies to claim the miles would touch off a backlash ,  industry executives say . "
social relations and exchange become significantly more important than they ever
"zhang wei recalls how wu ting attended six therapy sessions and learnt relaxation techniques ,  besides rehearsing presentations .  she finally succeeded in facing her supervisors to detail her accomplishments . "
you have to take it every day to maintain your blood sugar levels . 
"but it certainly is 90 percent of the way between the earth and the moon ,  and it ' s called dx - 110 . "
what do you do for money when you ' re not singing about soup ? 
"because all the things need to be considered ,  the planned match will have to be put off . "
"and he said ,   "" there ' s just too much chicken in the world .  "" "
and amnesty international recently criticized sweden for not doing enough to tackle domestic violence and discrimination against ethnic minorities . 
"and about two and a half ,  3 , 000 sharks were killed up till  ' 85 , "
i can ' t believe thatyou ' d be reading that book . 
"but chiefly them that walk after the flesh in the lust of uncleanness ,  and despise government .  presumptuous are they ,  selfwilled ,  they are not afraid to speak evil of dignities . "
"from the very first rehearsal ,  i saw the bright future ahead . "
" ' thus ,  a smaller amount of caffeine can have just the same effect as a very large amount of caffeine ingested through an energy drink or cup of coffee .  ' "
why do you think we have such big brains ? 
"as with bernard madoff ' s ponzi scheme ,  everything went well provided they continued to put money into the market . "
"listen ,  we can ' t go climbing around in here . "
who come through the village and have a meal in her home . 
administration officials have also stressed the elaborate procedures that have been put in place at the guantanamo facility since it opened in 2002 to facilitate religious practice by muslim detainees . 
"well ,  in the context of diving ,  you get too much ,  you die also . "
"second ,  propose that ,  in the absence of a working code model from his past project ,  he quickly build a new prototype for your project ,  based on his past work . "
how you perform from this point will determine whether or not you salvage your careers . 
it ' s like a bible to these guys . 
"its first president ,  from 2003 to 2009 ,  was also a canadian ,  ambassador philippe kirsch . "
so that ' s what openin '  up a can ofwhoop - ass feels like . 
and you can think of it as an enormous touch interface . 
they dip the stones into the tigris and suck up that collective wisdom
measures of soil and water conservation are to enhance consciousness of ecotope and restrain from short - term action paying attention to economy . 
don ' t worry .  he is the best doctor for lung illnesses .  he must bring mother through . 
"a frozen forrest gump ,  he ' s a reflection of our own development . "
what did i write in any of my letters could have possibly upsets you ? 
praying for lil wayne .  n his family .  we need a heavy prayer line to get wayne bc to life .  we need to help .  he ' s our lil brother
"and what do you mean ?   ' m mike chadway ,  like climbing like a monkey . "
"drove over to our house because he thought it would be fun to have breakfast with us ,  so he drove his car from his house to our house to have breakfast . "
we will not accept l / c 45 days .  please change it to l / c at sight . 
"or the sharks ,  the large snappers ,  the large groupers . "
he does well in subjects like history and philosophy . 
"therefore ,  the soil fertility were promoted pronouncedly by the replacement of chinese fir cinnamomum cassia stand . "
"the obama administration is sending its top envoy for east asia to visit china ,  japan ,  south korea and singapore . "
the bar chart compares the income of teachers of onlytoya college in 2006 and 2007 . 
we love you just the way you are . 
to explore the difference between the datasets of the death registration of the department of health  ( doh )  and ministry of interior  ( moi )  for the reference of the researchers in the future . 
i writhed my wish on a piece of cloth and tie it to the tree . 
"some people who were looking at him shook their heads and said ,   "" you ' re crazy ,  man . "
jane fonda moved form being an academy award actress to a successful businesswoman . 
this is how you play texas hold ' em . 
"but ,  b ,  let me ask you something . "
"part of the corn crop in southern illinois is already beyond salvage ,  and the problem is spreading ,  says illinois farm bureau president philip nelson . "
he knew how not to leave marks . 
dr .  abdullah is less emphatic he is watching and waiting to see how fraud complaints change the count and contemptuous of the clear stand taken by his opponent . 
"don ' t worry about finding a seat that fits your little one ,  this travel booster has adjustable heights . "
"your best won ' t be good enough for some people ,  but that ' s their problem not yours . "
"an important concept to understand here is that only increasing the number of threads will not alleviate performance problems caused by cpu ,  i  /  o ,  or memory bottlenecks . "
the technology you transfer to us should enable the venture ' s products to be competitive on the international market . 
"you boys want to marry ,  look for one like her . "
the fact that i had no child - care experience mattered little to the matriarchs of the upper east side . 
"your weekend needs just a little more  "" tambourine ""  .  .  . watch it now on vevo ! "
the angry passenger directed a volley of curses at the driver . 
"it ' s cute .  that ' s it .  an acorn pops up at the very end of the credits ,  but all you get are the theater lights coming on . "
"the casino magnate reiterated that he would build a project in the reclaimed land area between the islands of taipa and coloane–cotai–and said that construction of the hotel / casino was due to begin in 2011 ,  whilst the inauguration was scheduled for between the end of 2013 and beginning of 2014 . "
hongyang kiwifruit was the first red meat breed in the world . 
what is there to abreact well when is the mood bad method ? 
"with the vie structure ,  offshore shell companies have contractual claims to the revenues from ,  but no actual ownership of ,  the chinese firms . "
the combination of the bare feet and the brown acid .  .  . 
what person right mind would want to tackle britain ' s nightmarish public finances ? 
people armed with machetes attacked a village in the tana delta region . 
"spencer :  so am i ,  but i like browsing through the music store there . "
"the chinese do still want to go abroad ,  with education ,  safety of assets ,  and retirement preparation the top reasons cited in a bain co .  survey .  other concerns ∪ such as thick beijing smog and the recent scandal of dead pigs floating in a river that supplies water to shanghai ∪ add new incentives to look for an exit strategy . "
"i doubt that many of the people eat so well as you do ,  gracchus . "
the film lei feng xia  ( or lei feng man )  has been seen by millions of people online .  zhang says his favorite part is when lei feng struggles to clean up his neighborhood . 
he is thought to have a whole archive of such tapes at his disposal . 
" "" it ' s about two people sitting together and just connecting ,  without thedistractionof a phone ,  and we ' re trying to create anambiencewhere you come in and really enjoy the experience and the food and the company .  "" "
why do i always know where these guys are ? 
we share this so that others may partake of this ceremony if they so wish this christmas season . 
"a real cynic might interpret this as meaning :  she already has a fiancé ,  so you can enjoy a fiancé ' s privileges without having to fulfill the obligation of marrying her . "
chris anderson :  so to ask the obvious question  -  - 
the mold undergoes a visual inspection to make certain of its quality . 
"for instance ,  having passed their peak ,  most oil fields now need well - educated professionals to carry out secondary or even tertiary recovery , ” says wang lin ,  deputy secretary of the party committee at the school of petroleum engineering at china university of petroleum ,  beijing . "
pay treasure to already made application of all  -  pervading internet foundation . 
the resurgence of south korean tv dramas can be attributed to the joint efforts of the country ' s government and tv series makers . 
"in this way peekaboo can keep giving ,  allowing a perfect balance of what a developing baby knows about the world ,  what they are able to control and what they are still surprised by .  thankfully we adults enjoy their laughter so much that the repetition does nothing to stop us enjoying endless rounds of the game ourselves . "
"the bank ' s scope is worldwide ,  in forty - three countries on all the five continents . "
his observations chime with a trend in british classrooms to cut back on traditional teaching and to personalise learning . 
the iranian is reportedly wanted internationally on suspicion of fraud . 
"according to the director of inacom ,  around 70 percent of users are located in luanda ,  where a quarter of the angolan population lives .  angola ' s population is currently estimated at 15 million people . "
"from start to finish ,  this process may take weeks to complete all the game maps in a given area . "
dick recalls having been in paris to study music when he was a child . 
"in substance ,  the two choices are identical :  wait an extra day ,  get an extra ten bucks . "
until they asked him how to do something which he couldn ' t explain
"seaweeds waving gently ,  in the big blue sea together with countless siblings bubbles are our language . "
"this is true ,  but these values are not peculiar to britain ,  and it is hard to see why we have to become patriots in order to invoke them . "
"under the guise of currency control ,  they are able to help out powerful allies on wall street ,  in exchange for lucrative jobs or who -  knows  -  what favors later on . "
he jobbed a great deal of the work to smaller firms . 
i will be here soon for my reward . 
"marxist philosophy because its inherent practice principle and materialist dialectical principle ,  have realized the correct assurance ,  review and predict with science actively of the contemporary chinese society ,  guide the contemporary chinese socialist cause from the aspect of the theory ,  playing to the great function of scientific world outlook . "
"a  "" gold - digger ""  is someone who seeks to marry a rich person because he or she is only interested in that person ' s money . "
"the statement was quickly corrected ,  but not before spanish newspapers leapt upon the chance to ridicule their embattled leader ,  who visited the site on thursday morning . "
you must do the thing which you think you cannot do . 
we see the desert spreading ;  we see massive hunger ; 
people do not know the value of health till they lose it . 
all of literature is essentially communication from an individual ' s inner voice to an audience . 
"since i first went abroad as a student ,  in the mid  ' 70s , "
"the 20 - year - old sophomore aims at seasonal flea market for secondhand textbooks for his study major ,  but isn’t always lucky enough to find the right ones . "
"it was with a pained ,  and proud ,  and indignant tone that nydia made this humble reply . "
"most of the gas from pande and temane is transported to the sasol industrial complex in the secunda region of south africa via an 850 kilometer gas pipeline ,  which went into operation in 2004 .  ( macauhub ) "
the template then applies any applicable downstream templates to deal with machine  -  readable content in the cda entry . 
"involved mother , which adds to the challenges for women at the top . "
" "" none of it has ever been proven to have anything to do with how people see the world or experience life . "
aren ' t you curiousto see how your picture turned out ? 
"this cargo is within the ambit of export restriction in china ,  some documents are required to be sent to beijing for approval ,  the freight will be delayed until next week . "
"it shows the class diagram ,  the various configuration files and code snippets to show how the above design is put into practice . "
let me ask you a couple of questions . 
"come on ,  take care of that ,  will you ? "
would you just take a look at this ? 
"why would chloe be at the scene of palmer ' s assassination ,  tracking agents ? "
"luanda ,  angola ,  21 april–angolan airline taag is due to start direct flights to cotonou ,  benin on 29 april ,  the sales sub - director of the company ,  jacinto j únior said in douala ,  cameroon ,  saturday . "
if you can imagine such a thing .  here it is . 
i have to tell you something important . 
did they make it true or false ? 
 ?  i ' ve been dining out and all stressed out  ? 
"he invited to libya for military training such bloodstained luminaries as liberia’s charles taylor and sierra leone’s rebel leader ,  foday sankoh . "
"you won’t definitely have a heart attack ,  for example ,  but your risk is higher . "
the proprietor owns all of the property of the business and is responsible for everything . 
that is because the tpp itself is at least partly a political project . 
"you see ,  africa makes a fool of our idea of justice . "
"well ,  why do i have to go first ? "
guy tripped the wires cracking a safe . 
"sometimes when people say  "" voluntary ,  ""  they mean  "" mandatory .  "" "
"because ,  of course ,  they don ' t actually tell you how to do it"
"a collector on earth that was picking up power from a geostationary satellite orbiting at an altitude of 35 , 800km would need to be spread over hundreds of square metres . "
"it ' s the first digital magazine in china to emphasize fashion and experience ,  provide all - round popular digital information and present the most up - dated digital products at home and abroad . "
"si ,  for you or for your children ? "
if you have more originality can also be the case in our re  -  design modification . 
"if the human nature release is considered as the standard ,  the immorality doesn ' t mean overthrowing logos autarchy by anti - traditional emphasizing libido ,  but means theory of constraining human nature . "
"just as the technology is very different ,  so is the camera itself .  it looks sort of like a short ,  square ,  pocket - size telescope ,  with a nonprotruding 8x zoom lens on one end and a touch - screen viewfinder on the other .  it has only two buttons and a zoom slider .  it starts instantly and is instantly ready to take the next picture ,  because it doesn ' t need to perform autofocusing .  it can be purchased in three colors at lytro .  com .  the base model can hold about 350 pictures .  there is also a  $ 499 model that can hold 750 pictures . "
"well ,  my alien buddies didn  ' t stick around . "
"i took my sons to the texans football game today .   there was a crowd of 60 , 000 people .   they had so much fun .   maybe robert will play football professionally when he gets older .   ha ha !  !  !  ! "
that a woman who has no hands can appear not be missing anything . 
"so ,  there is a little bit of slippage there . "
you know what they say about the life you save . 
"if logging is performed on different machines ,  the machines '  timestamps must be synchronized ,  or the log messages will be out of order . "
"with this customer ,  he felt himself ,  as it were ,  casting pearls before swine . "
"a reality ,  an exciting direction in the future of medicine ? "
4 .  he also helps mama bring the vegetables in from the garden . 
"diarmuid :  second - hand and antiquarian books ,  and sheet music ;  they have something for everyone .  there ' s also a big children ' s department ,  with a tank with piranha fish in it . "
i don ' t care when you get in in the morning .  i don ' t care when you leave . 
because i couldn ' t get the web to move off . 
"this time in a city called shivpuri in the center of india , "
" "" a car assembly line is an apt analogy ,  ""  white said .   "" bipedality is the frame . "
i thought you ' d be the last personto have a problem with nonconformity . 
or really should be used at less of a level than random . 
but let me show you how to work this device . 
"before obama ' s speech ,  jon huntsman ,  us ambassador to china said ,   "" the timing could not be better ""  for increasing bilateral relations at the 30th anniversary of diplomatic relations ties . "
" "" we have to protect taxpayers and not bail out shareholders and management ,  ""  he said . "
"a few days later ,  i woke with an idea"
"and you ' re like ,  man ,  i didn ' t really sleep very well . "
a small adjustment will equalize the temperature in the two rooms . 
"a much - vauntedprodigywhen snapped up by manchester united from sporting lisbon in 2003 ,  cristiano ronaldo is now perhaps ,  apart from david beckham ,  the best - known player on the planet . "
"in the capitalist society ,  the security market is a very important organization to allot wealth . "
"going on four years ,  but i still have a lot of plans for it . "
and they feed on the arctic cod that live under the ice . 
you got fucking mad when i told the joke . 
this is the most common sleeping position in the uk .  sleeping like this can help repair wear and tear in the back . 
"neuter and tonal ash ,  white ,  black can with any tonal collocation . "
this is what you ' re looking at .  it ' s pretty simple .  it ' s a hole in the ground . 
"you ' re awfully attached to this penny character ,  huh wags ? "
and this is actually a live dashboard from los altos school district  -  - 
it was just then that he heared the cry in the grass . 
food supplies had run out towards the end of the trip . 
i don ' t half like the idea of your travelling by yourself . 
"we just don ' t know enough ,  and we don ' t even know that we ' re missing california . "
"the real story here is not about personalities ,  political animus ,  or ideological conflict . "
"it now has an almost human voice and can glean answers from bing ,  twitter and wikipedia . "
"gentlemen ,  this is now a police matter . "
fill one of the bowls with water . 
is there a doctor on the train ? 
orazio is the cause of our problems . 
"mainstream cars made entirely without steel are a long way off ,  if they ever come to pass . "
you said this bar is for truckers and bikers ? 
"descend to your minimum altitude ,  if the runway is not in your sight ,  pull up and go around . "
"i said ,   "" no ,  i follow little old women around parking lots"
they warn that a nuclear attack would dwarf the september 11 terrorist attacks in the united states . 
have you found joy in your life ? 
"what did it betoken ?  had seven long years ,  under the torture of the scarlet letter ,  inflicted so much of misery ,  and wrought out no repentance ? "
"38 .  act like a tourist in your own town .  if you were in your town on vacation ,  what would you do ?  you might surprise yourself by finding new things to do and see . "
obama restated his opposition to the war in iraq after a voter asked him why the u . s .  image abroad has sharply declined in recent years . 
"bridget jones , what the fuck are you doing ? "
"inhambane ,  which is an elegant and surprising well - preserved city ,  has tourism as its main source of riches ,  making use not only of its magnificent beaches and those of the bazaruto archipelago ,  to the north ,  as well as the rich marine flora and fauna including whales ,  sharks ,  dolphins and turtles . "
specific leaf weight and nitrogen content had positive relation to the net assimilation rate . 
"if you fail to oil the engine regularly ,  it would seize up without warning . "
"when my mother dies ,  we don ' t have any more connection . "
"lslam ruling the world ,  global jihad . "
"we started abusing him ,  one conspirator after another adding his bitter words . "
"you doní ' t have to be crystal clear ,  but you do want a general idea of where you ' re going . "
"once you are in the habit of considering how the light is falling on your subject you can select a viewpoint and time of day so that the light enhances your subject ,  rather than detracts from it . "
"ecuador is dollarized  -  no currency of its own ,  just us dollars . "
analysis and experimental results show that the performance of delegate - based implementation method is superior to others . 
love bears all things and believes all things . 
crows will wait for fishermen to drop lines through holes in the ice . 
" "" the g7 meetings .  .  .  which were officially held today .  .  .  started last night ,   "" he told bemused members of the japanese press corps . "
looks like they might be trying something
you gonna tell me that that girl looks 14 ? 
wentworth miller has revealed he tried to commit suicide at 15 - years - old as he struggled to keep his homosexuality a secret . 
"trying to do is to think of ,  how do you apply"
"you would think that person might have made a lot of money , "
"the internet and various on - campus services ,  from food delivery to laundry ,  are fuelling a student culture of staying in dormitories . "
the head of an independent commission of inquiry in bahrain into the violent suppression of pro - democracy protests in february has given a detailed account of the abuse suffered by many detainees . 
do as most men do and men will speak well of thee . 
and it ' s because they sat there they were able to do it . 
"ford said ,  “so if you would just like to take it as read that he ' s actually here ,  then he and i could slip off down to the pub for half an hour .  how does that sound ? ”"
because he was very well thought of in that place . 
thank god there was somebody there cool and collected enough to give first aid . 
chinese legislative sentences display distinctive features of expression while legislative sentences of the laws of english - speaking countries have entrenched structures and elements to form some syntactical conventions of legislative drafting . 
but also that is able to carry out attacks
"raised body mass index is a major risk factor for heart disease ,  stroke ,  type 2 diabetes and other chronic diseases . "
"yet now ,  he ' s been trusted by voters to steer serbia to membership of the european union . "
i don ' t know how much more i can take . 
"you know ,  of the future of a so - called  ' deaf '  musician .  "" "
and this is really getting to the heart of what makes bread so special
typhoon betty is moving at 170 knots .  .  .  directly towards hong kong . 
"conclusion method is handy ,  delicacy , nicety , sample disposal is handy and easy , it can be used as qulity control method of compound salvianic dripping pills . "
" "" lots of people don ' t want to pay the price ,  or have the time ,  for laser treatments ,  ""  says dr howard sobel ,  director of the new york institute of aesthetic dermatology and laser surgery .  at - home devices cost a lot less than the equivalent treatment at a clinic .  three 30 - minute skin - tightening treatments in sobel ' s office cost  $ 3 ,  000 ,  for example ,  while nuface ' s trinity microcurrent device claims to improve your facial contour ,  tone skin and reduce fine lines and wrinkles for  $ 325 . "
at least there you ' d be safe from each other . 
"during the time of peace ,  troops usually do not stop outside the confines of the country . "
i know plenty of chicks who could use the cash . 
it can go zero to 60 in about 4 . 5 seconds . 
"while you can use it to scan typical barcodes and look up pricing on items ,  the greatest feature is using it for scanning qr codes . "
the average household carbon footprint in china is 2 . 41 tons of carbon dioxide annually .  that ' s enough to fill half an olympic swimming pool . 
you ' d better not mess in the affairs of others . 
"in this example showing the north polar region ,  a very recognizable big dipper ,  part of the modern constellation ursa major ,  lies along the bottom of the chart . "
"if you look at a movie that ' s being played backwards ,  you know it immediately because most things have a distinct time direction attached to them :  an arrow of time . "
"four leaf is still outside the perimeter ,  sarge ! "
"a change has now been made in accordance with the central committee ' s plan whereby labour - power is taken as the criterion ,  so that a person with labour - power is allotted twice as much land as one without . "
we will shoot some arrows into this white man . 
"the level of intensity left little doubt that the election was coming down not only to a state - by - state fight for territory ,  but also to one for the allegiance of vital demographic groups ,  chief among them undecided women . "
don ' t hesitate to tell us if you have a problem . 
"president bush says iran is the world ' s largest sponsor of terrorism ,  and a source of instability in the middle east .  the president urged the people of the region to reject extremism and embrace freedom . "
"bounty hunter who wanted to kill denim to use the30 , 000 reward to save his daughter from illness .  was killed in battle at griate . "
"finally ,  we try to investigate the many phenomena caused the optimal contract . "
"the older one is 16 ,  he ' s at school . "
"which i kissed every day of my walking , "
and get divorced and go dancing and go playing
i want the international task force mobilized and ready to go in five minutes . 
this glacier has doubled its flow speed in the past 15 years . 
he bought an ebony mill in cameroon and made many of his company’s top - of - the - line guitars with multi - colored ebony . 
"however ,  bottom of traditional gdp ,  the business enterprise checks did not check the resources environment in the inside ,  on the certain degree ,  this encourages business enterprise sacrifice environment ,  overdraw the future ,  its result will not only suffer the natural revenge ,  but also will leave the descendant posterity a hard and dried up resources environment for existing . "
not just this pair of individuals smiling at each other in the subway car ? 
"when this approach is in use ,  hashed rows destined for a given partition are placed in a buffer and sent to that partition as a group instead of one at a time . "
"laennec ,  it is said ,  was walking in the streets of paris"
i always tell your highness everything i know . 
"if one seeks to give ear to the winds ,  it shall be well with his soul ,  but they will seize upon his possessions . "
q :  how does the situation in europe compare to that in the rest of the world ? 
and i was touring around the city going to different squatter areas
this is what makes cities so green in the developing world . 
"it ' s medrano ,  the man he met in haiti . "
actors performed mermaid and prince on the theater stage at 9 pm . 
the death penalty shall not be imposed on any person on the basis of consensual sexual activity among persons who are over the age of consent or on the basis of sexual orientation or gender identity . 
i know because i have done this . 
how long did it take this time ? 
i won ' t have time to train and stuff . 
"for example ,  msf says second - line drugs already cost  $ 1 , 40per patient per year in kenya ,  while in guatemala they ' re a prohibitive  $ 6 , 50annually . "
"now that she can survive on she own ,  she yearns for all the things that every human being yearns for once her survival needs are met :  to be truly loved ,  to have dreams ,  to have meaning in life . "
"paulson says funds are being used to purchase assets that will be sold at a later date ,  allowing the government to recoup money spent . "
"objective :  to study the effect of donglingfuzheng liquor combined with fluorouracil ( fu )  in inhibition of tumor for mice planting s180 , h22 , lewis and the protecting effect of fu on mice ' s immunological function inhibition . "
you know that we are destroying the turkish railways . 
"you can boil ,  bake ,  steam ,  roast ,  or puree sweet potatoes but the cooking method that retains the most nutrients is roasting . "
"if you ' re in the beginning stages of learning a language ,  this process might be too overwhelming ,  since you ' re learning new words all the time . "
i guarantee if you come to your lab at 3  -  4 am
the claim that history has a direction is not that controversial . 
are you being my strict daddy now ? 
he must return to the muggle orphanage during school breaks . 
"i ' ve been to the galapagos ,  and i ' ve measured the size of the beaks"
"and you leave the soil open to the wind for erosion , "
"if the magnifying glass of global warming has a focal point ,  it would seem to be the seas of the western antarctic peninsula ,  headwaters for south georgia ' s river of krill . "
"it looks as if the wind blows astern ,  and the waves wax and wane like the moon in the vast sky ,  and yet we are a still picture . "
" "" yes ,  now i pay less rent ,  but i need to spend two extra hours each day traveling to and from work ,  ""  xia said . "
"eating 40 per cent less food could extend a person ' s life by 20 years ,  according to scientists . "
neutral tone is much shorter tone and is identified by the absence of tone mark . 
"yeah ,  the custody hearing is down here . "
and there ' s no limit to how many times you give . 
they had to provide a relief bus because there were so many passengers . 
"the more they are able to remove the veil ,  for example , "
"of almost all of you and many of your friends , "
"well ,  it could be considerable ,  but y ' all don ' t worry about a thing . "
"and she sat down in front of the machine , "
a :  the eu is an important force on the global stage . 
"these springs are a bit ropey .   .   .   .   .   . but ,  held down by this blanket , they should be all right"
are you sure the information is good ? 
there isn ' t a trace of a smile on her face . 
"3 .  specify your target vacancy to get accurate search results .  for example ,  “marketing” can be further divided into “advertising” and “pr” . "
but now i desired the welfare of all mankind
does chronic quinsy have chinese traditional medicine administer a law ? 
next up is an unusual item . 
and one of the things that i ' ve seen is true everywhere
but they have 40 sensors all over their body . 
we tell about a canadian study of sea ice . 
"instead ,  he said ,   "" it is a pattern ,  like a bar code with thousands of lines on it ,  ""  that allows researchers to tease apart the fine points of relatedness among populations . "
i tried to persuade him to talk to neuville but .  .  .  he just brushed me off . 
fill in nail holes in drywall with toothpaste and baking soda . 
"lisbon ,  portugal ,  09 dec–the telecommunications and molding sectors are expected to be the main focus of chinese businesspeople visiting lisbon friday to meet with portuguese economic partners ,  officials said . "
"red shirt protesters set tires ablaze in front of a stand off with thai military ,  sunday ,  may 16 ,  2010 in bangkok ,  thailand . "
"the governor of the province tells us that 2 , 000 people are still missing . "
"the general trajectory is from gritty to glitzy ,  from punk assemblages ,  such as cabinets filled with pills and cigarette butts ,  to art that looks like bespoke luxury goods . "
"as walsh pleads for baylor’s continued assistance ,  shots ring out ,  hitting both men . "
"ok ,  so what can we learn ?  these robots are of course"
went back to number four on the itunes charts . 
"even if james murdoch can redeem himself ,  likely rivals for the top job will include not just his siblings but also mr carey ,  widely seen as one of the most competent media executives in america . "
he rubbed the cramped hand against his trousers and tried to gentle the fingers . 
"now that you ' ve seen the basics of a functional language ,  you can begin to see how you could live with no side effects and only limited support for state . "
and together you accomplished a feat that will be told and retold down through the ages . 
"too - cool has a price :  when a wine is very cold ,  the flavors are muted ,  while other aspects like alcohol and tannins are likely to come to the fore . "
"and former head of the bbc world service ,  john tuser ,  welcomed his appointment . "
"its inhabitants ,  by nature acquisitive and cautious ,  economical ,  tenacious ,  had learnt to worship the word  "" smart ""  . "
"among the top six most competitive nations on earth , "
the inequities – and the anger – filtered even to the very young . 
"when i meet my old friend ,  we are going paint the town red . "
" "" it is very sad actually ,  ""  said zhu .   "" i know something is missing if you don ' t have a farewell party .  "" "
"the document also launches the idea of giving some african countries“approved destination status ”for receiving chinese tourists ,  should the countries wish it . "
which is it only has to look good for a thousandth of a second . 
"at the grocery store or the atm  -  -  you know ,  they don ' t do this stuff . "
"i used to see spots ,  now i ' m seeing stripes . "
this method uses a digest value computed over a string made up of two other text values combined with the password . 
"you know ,  his math skills are pretty weak .  .  .  but i told you about that when you moved him over from audio . "
"chief economist at mellon global investments ,  solange srour told the paper that she expected an increase of 0 . 6 percent as compared to the previous quarter and of 1 . 7 percent year on year . "
"dtr standard defines requirements for newndstations and concentrators ,  and it ' specifies a protocol for full  -  duplex operation . "
so they were able to develop methods to recognize and sort short bits of ancient dna from longer chunks of contaminant dna and also to fish out gene regions of interest . 
the lego movie may be providing the company with a welcome boost during the toy industry ' s post - christmas doldrums . 
set a regular bed time for yourself and use an evening routine to wind down so you don’t have trouble sleeping . 
"generally speaking ,  patients who took this medicine suffered no ill results . "
"for about a month ,  my urine smelled like marshmallows . "
"“these are indeed the oldest masks in the world .  and they are 9 , 000 years old . "
but policymakers have at least given us the opportunity to discuss the exit . 
"mom and dad became what dad called  "" mobilized .  "" "
"four years ago ,  i was at the beach with my son , "
"yeah ,  this is a fact that from where the money comes , "
"israel’s biggest city of tel aviv was also targeted .  it followed the day when israel stepped up its air attacks on gaza ,  hitting more than 300 targets . "
"it ' s going to be looked at by this camera ,  analyze his movements , "
"i mean ,  as soon as you start feeling  ( … )  with yourself ,  feeling very strange you just trying … just blank everything out . "
i posted the letter today in order that you could get it tomorrow . 
this is what we want to achieve for you and for us . 
you don ' t know that to be true . 
"i see no ending ,  yet high and low i ' ll search with my will unbending . "
life is antagonistic to the natural state . 
you never know where the financial model ' s going to go . 
"the plant closing ,  one of many we had endured over the last two years ,  dealt a body blow to the economy of poinsett county and had a discouraging impact on the whole state . "
being brave doesn ' t mean you go looking for trouble . 
we have to prove it wasn ' t therussians before he ' s convinced it is . 
" "" oh ,  my colleagues see me laughing .  i must not have enough work ,  "" "
characteristics : strong sense of urgency .  meet deadlines .  able to work flexible hours .  strong analytical and handwork skills .  team approach to problem solving . 
"china on december 19 sent its condolences on the death of kim ,  noting that the late dprk leader had carried on and further developed the traditional friendship between china and the dprk . "
to do more work than they ' ve ever done in their life
the wooden cases used to pack the goods should be securely strapped . 
all string data types are derived from the string data type itself . 
such as locking a credit card away with a key
"the united nations children ' s fund reports 80 to 90 percent of schools were destroyed in the hardest hit areas .  given the extent of the damage ,  the ministry of education has delayed the opening of schools in seven townships in the irrawaddy delta and one township in rangoon . "
"an adult child of divorce added :  ' my parents almost never fought ,  and they were suddenly divorced . "
was that living and thinking green hit main street . 
i had to hunt down some food for jane . 
"but the administration has made clear ,  it ' s ready to target key sectors of the economy if moscow lodges a military intervention deep into ukraine . "
it ' il take usforever to get back here . 
"however ,  to what extent have human activities affected the occurrence of the sand storm ? "
"in the united states ,  military leaders are expected to obey their commander in chief  -  -  the president . "
i guess i owe you an apology . 
"this is a comprehensive list of the top ten websites that help you pass the time of day ,  in other words ,  boredom busters . "
that would give them a iittle over nine hours . 
"if you don ' t grow ,  you ' re what ?  if a relationship ' s not growing , "
"besides ,  you stole and you didn ' t give me my share . "
ricky martin left the group and moved to new york . 
this wood needs to be splintered into kindling for the fire . 
so i want to thank you .  thank you .  thank you . 
"but it ' s an infection ,  not of the throat ,  but of the upper airway , "
it ' s nice to see you too . 
identity experience and introspective experience further deepen direct experience . 
why not skip that starbucks stop and set up an automated transfer to put  $ 5 / day into your savings account instead ? 
the walls of his room were covered in pin  -  ups . 
some adjectives give a specific opinion .  we only use these adjectives to describe particular kinds of noun : 
"there is no ductile shear deformation outside the granitic intrusion ,  which indicates that this ductile shear zone was formed by the simple shearing caused by intruding of baishifeng granite along the western margin of nanyue granite during the emplacing process of hengshan granite . "
"so i felt confused ,  a little bit frustrated and angry , "
"maputo ,  mozambique ,  23 oct–imports and exports from mozambique and the countries of the southern african development community ( sadc )  via the ports of mozambique continue to increase ,  said the chairman of management company portos e caminhos de ferro de mo çambique . "
crooks across the country are using bucket shops to scam older people . 
"i nod off ,  i wake up in strange places .  i have no idea how i got there . "
"we also deployed a couple of satellite tags ,  so we did use hi - tech stuff as well . "
"now ,  this wasin front of that table where .  .  . "
never able to take human form again . 
"in the future ,  later this century ,  it ' s going to look like the red , "
"i mean ,  like ,  how long till they get here ? "
"outside harbor city ,  100 different doraemon figures are lined up in neat rows .  inspired by doraemon’s magical gadgets ,  a group of designers around the world have created and designed 30 original gadgets . "
the output current of the hybrid excitation claw  -  pole alternator is optimized in terms of different parameters of permanent magnets . 
i am writing to confirm the booking make by telephone . 
then i say beforehand that the entire truth is not worth such a price . 
"too many declarations in the past have remained just words on a piece of paper ,  and many fixed objectives have failed due to the difficulties of implementation . "
some clients now want engagement letters for the services of banks to spell out what would happen if the banks failed in the interim . 
"these molecules that say who each of these groups of cells is , "
your boyfriend is a very bad man . 
it is a good idea for parents to monitor the amount as well as the kind of television their preschool child watches . 
"and of course ,  the upshot of all this is anything but abstract :  doctors are left ignorant about the drugs they are prescribing ,  and which will make their patients sick or get well ,  or even live or die . "
many small businesses in the u . s .  and all over the world
"3 .  if the colleague has a title ,  the safest address is to use their family name plus their title .  delete the word “deputy” . "
but they belie a fierce ambition and an obsession to root out injustice on wall street and beyond . 
clinton lost her last major opportunity to stop the obama juggernaut . 
"this releases a mixture of hydrogen and carbon monoxide ,  known as syngas ,  and leaves a residue of amorphous elemental carbon called carbon black . "
"in this field ,  the study of the theory and realization method about optical encode /  decode ,  which is the key technology in ocdm system ,  become the hotspot . "
"it ' s very nice to meet you ,  too ,  betty . "
so throughout this talk i ' ve mentioned a few times
"but it ' s even worse ,  because the particular website where we showed this"
transworld co .  decides not to buy the equipment from genius international co .  ltd . 
" .  .  . a lot of people have cometo this town and changed , "
"say lady ,  why don’t just come out here and let me buy you a drink ? "
let you in after two years of high school . 
and that huge load was passing into the people that ate this meat . 
but this is one of those very rare moments
"the next larger shape of that same shape ,  and the next larger shape . "
"for some weeks now i have been engaged in dispersing the contents of this apartment ,  trying to persuade hundreds of inanimate objects to scatter and leave me alone . "
"look ,  guys ,  that ' s my sweetheart in there . "
sometimes having a shoulder to lean on and having a person who understands my silence is the only thing i need . 
"no ,  whatever you do ,  not the gold . "
"if the aged understand the characteristic of the high blood pressure ,  and arrange the sport prescription properly ,  they will achieve the aim of health . "
he played a big role in uniting the black and white people . 
"he says ,   "" for some reason ,  the universe ,  at one time , "
the fighting has meant that we and our partners have not been able to access most of these areas . 
i never even asked you if you were interested in buying a house . 
we ' re ganna bring him down and you ' re going to help us
i ' il go with you after i finish this . 
"the solution to that problem ,  she says ,  is practice ,  and asking for feedback :   "" rehearse what you ' re going to say about your experiences with as many people as you can -  -  a friend ,  a parent ,  a professor .  try to practice with a wide variety of people ,  because you ' ll get different feedback from each one .  "" "
i ' d say that kind of time travel doesn ' t exist . 
i told you to stay out of here . 
the mother gave her son some berries .  he ate them . 
since then the sincere princess has known the principal principle . 
ms :  these are the people who shape the way i look at the world . 
how does that affect who you are as a person ? 
"2 million people leave there ,  and their local government has scheduled a referendum for sunday that could determine their political future . "
the european population and north african  -  -  the eastern bluefin tuna  -  - 
"since he was diagnosed with the condition ,  little pieces of independence — things many of us take for granted — had slipped away . "
one by one the employees got closer to the coffin and when they looked inside it they suddenly became speechless . 
study on the ecological project of grass industry and countermeasures for stock raising by planting fodder grass
"i will ,  but i need the money now ! "
"true of ,  false ,  bilk of ,  exaggerative of i say . "
"and to make matters worse ,  the internet is full of places an unhappy customer can voice their displeasure . "
"when they know too much ,  they give  ' em new identities . "
"the benchmark shanghai composite index closed down 0 . 2 %  at 1997 . 69 on wednesday ,  after briefly touching 1974 . 38 ,  its lowest level since july 30 ,  2013 . "
it should be tested clinically later this year at isr  -  - 
"unfortunately ,  this becomes more and more true as we get older .  i ' m pretty set in my ways myself and all i can hope for is that if the right one does come along ,  that i will let him break through my wall of independence that i have created . "
"the only thing i did was ,  i made it possible for them"
that ' s what they normally are like ;  they ' re always angry or they ' re always mad . 
" "" yes  -  -  i wish it was as big as a barrel ,  for it ' s all we ' ve got .  "" "
rick here had a bad night in the woods . 
"perhaps ,  but not one of those guests would begrudge her a moment of it . "
i haven ' t been entirely honest with you . 
it took me a year to learn how to walk again after i had my diving accident in palau
"i ' ve been thinking about stopping this whole game ,  you know ? "
president lincoln ' s gettysburg address is widely read for their gifted literary expression . 
"so ,  someone says ,  “what are you up to , ” they mean what are you doing  -  how are you spending your time . "
some of the most cherished books in the american literary cannon have fallen foul of censorship rows by dint of their language or sexual content . 
that ' s neither here nor there .  you told me you wouldn ' t break this date no matter what . 
and can support people of different ethnicities and different income groups . 
flunarizine in treatment of migraine and its influence on plasma neuropeptide y
the picture here shows a piece of nitrated toilet paper  ( around the metal stand )  burning . 
"you got big balls for a woman ,  you know that ? "
"the  "" jasmine revolution ""  portion of this story is easy  -  -  it ' s the grubby parts of institution  -  building and power  -  sharing that muck things up . "
need at least 10 cm off the back . 
"it is going to be how quickly this can be handled ,  how quickly the all clear can be given and how quickly we can get consumer confidence back to a positive track . "
"i know that it ' s very intangible ,  touching people ' s hearts and souls , "
i went straight to the sawmill to see jim . 
it is impolite to my friends waiting . 
"it has found that starter 5and 9 interest for further investigation because of their attractive fragrance and sweet alcoholic flavour of their wine through fermentation test .  however ,  starter 2 and 4 which have a strong sour flavour ,  starter 6 caused a mouldy flavour were noticed . "
" "" we built a top - of - the range drainage system that is extremely important  -  which means that even after a heavy downpour we can resume the games as soon as we possibly can ,  ""  lam explained . "
her improvident speech at the meeting has set a stone rolling . 
"in the morning ,  i have to call my board . "
"based on the best - selling novel by yann martel ,  life of pi tells the story of pi  ( suraj sharma )  ,  a young man who gets stranded at sea with a bengal tiger named richard parker after the ship carrying pi’s family and his father’s zoo from india to canada sinks . "
"having more than 2large - scale manufacture bases in countries such as germany ,  britain ,  luxembourg ,  poland ,  russia ,  czech ,  austria ,  china  , etc .  ,  it is the world products ,  globalization brand . "
is that we have got to persuade people around the world
" "" and now ,  see ,  the lord has put a spirit of deceit in the mouth of these prophets of yours ;  and the lord has said evil against you .  "" "
all blackberry data traffic passes through one of these centres . 
"sauna bathing is a popular past - time in finland ,  which has an estimated 1 . 6 million saunas for a population of 5 million . "
"against a rainy day ,  we are necessary to note a variety of one negative effect that play high - tech to bring . "
"i ' m dr .  david hanson ,  and i build robots with character . "
production figures for 2007 outlined that by october 31 production totaled 509 million barrels of crude oil . 
like a zombie child for the next two weeks . 
"in a direct way ,  too ,  the olympic games inspired the greek poets and artists . "
"they may not want the supreme court to strike down mr obama ' s health reforms ,  as some conservatives urge . "
that you don ' t really sit at your desk all day and eat and work anyway . 
an led is a semiconductor .  it ' s an electronic device . 
"so today ,  i ' m collecting what i shed or slough off  -  - "
"which is not only sustainability from the viewpoint of co2 emissions and footprint , "
i made a bit of a boob throwing that file away . 
"assuming a trilinear geometrical spreading model ,  we obtained the attenuation function in guangdong region . "
"every one of us wants to live a better life ,  but what is a self - quantifier ,  exactly ? "
"nonetheless ,  sam stovall ,  chief investment strategist at the standard and poor’s market research firm ,  says banks are cautious . "
what does it mean ?  i ' m worthless .  what ' ve i got to do ? 
"meanwhile ,  later this year ,  a coalition of the wellcome trust ,  the max planck institute and the howard hughes medical institute will publish the first edition of elife ,  an open - access journal with ambitions to rival the most famous journal of the lot ,  nature . "
q . 1 where did the power of pilate to release or crucify jesus come from ? 
doctor :  one hundred percent .  medical records show that nine out of ten people die of the disease you have .  yours is the tenth case i ' ve treated .  the others all died . 
"for me ,  it is still his sparkling eyes  ( laugh )  . "
"in the first instance i was inclined to refuse ,  but then i reconsidered . "
and today their whole team moves in
i hope that the actions of the organization speak for themselves . 
but there is mosaic impact in the enlarged picture because this method can ' t adequately attenuate the vertical frequency off the base band in the horizontal and vertical direction . 
"it is this  -  all achievement ,  all earned riches ,  have their beginning in an idea ! "
what do you think of the mess we ' re making ? 
"a child like erica could get this far without knowing what ash was ,  until she saw it spewing from a mountain . "
"for example ,  a startup business could become bankrupt ,  or it could become a multimillion - dollar company . "
 ' cause i’ve got us 3 appointment with the venture capitalists
our first topic today is based on an article that i read in one of the major newsweeklies . 
"good weather in the wintertime ,  and new york city . "
i want all the kings of greece and their armies . 
document give a court to allow someone to deal with the estate of a person who have die without leave a will or where the executor appointed under the will cannot act
"it is this ,  the reserve bank of australia to the air waves . "
"first of all ,  the paper on the concept of sustainable development in the formation ,  development process and its impact factors outlined ,  sustainable development at home and abroad as well as the study sums up the situation . "
so programming is the way i think we should be doing that . 
"if you drive all the way to eilat ,  you see this"
it ' s an automatic playback .  and prediction of future inputs is the desired output . 
can he bring along a malaysian friend of his ? 
"it means it ' s important what you believe , "
i know you ' re never getting out of here . 
"abashed at this question ,  i answered that sloth was my besetting temptation . "
"and in industries where the value comes from what you do with others , "
it seems all his best lines were yours . 
"interestingly ,  there are data on these two groups of people , "
"gus faucher ,  the director of macroeconomics at the economic website moody ' s economy . com ,  is one of many experts who say the crisis began in the u . s .  housing market .  he says prices rose unrealistically high and credit was given too easily .   "" we had people who ,  in retrospect ,  were given mortgage loans but should not have been given mortgage loans because they really could not afford them .  so now we are seeing the effects of that ,  ""  he said . "
but it ' s a form of technology that will have to share its dominance
"love is when you find someone better ,  yet you stay with the same person you promised to spend forever with . "
"okay .  sorry .  so anyway ,  what i was trying to say is that i really love ted . "
dole :  american jurist and first governor of the territory of hawaii  ( 1900  -  1903 )  . 
"however ,  hk listed arm china mobile  ( 941 )   ( buy )  will not be responsible for paying the subsidies . "
you need to understand that changing yourself for the better won ' t take away challenges in your life — it will just prepare you to be able to face them . 
"ministry spokesman ,  yao jian ,  noted that the value of fdi posted in december–us $ 12 . 1 billion–had been the fifth consecutive monthly rise and a 103 percent rise year on year . "
"dig out your favorite recipe for a cake ,  brownies ,  cookies or some other treat – and get busy . "
"the four consortia are led by portugal ' s edp - energias de portugal ,  galp energia ,  spain ' s iberdrola - gamesa and enel - uni ón fenosa ,  respectively . "
let me know if you cop out . 
she smiled at the jokes she made upon john on the plane . 
"you will enter the nave ,  where all that was spanish will be conquered by the macabre smiling lavishness of indian saints ,  angels ,  and gods . ”"
"well ,  i said we also have a plan .  and our plan is quite simple . "
the us says the men are key figures in the transfer of funds and extremists through iran to iraq and afghanistan . 
"as did the wright brothers ,  that would enable sustained ,  long - duration flight . "
"you must be willing to fail for days on end ,  for months on end and maybe even for years on end . "
"if not ,  jong - hyun won  ' t let me get away . "
i intend to cease to take on the disease karma of others . 
"i know it sounds that way ,  son ,  but it´s the truth . "
"literally ,  and i ' m really glad that you guys are going to be amongst the first to be able to"
"the products are including steel cargo ,  equipments ,  cement ,  clinker ,  iron ore ,  nickle ore ,  coke etc . "
don ' t ever call me fucking english again . 
"despite the best efforts of menfolk across a thousand generations ,  this adolescent female amoeba cannot be dispelled40 )  . "
"forgive of my stupidity ,  but i ' ve never seen this word"
and it really began when we began to understand
justine henin continues warming up for a return to top  -  flight tennis . 
this is why a third ' r '   -  rebalancing  -  is so important . 
"moreover ,  the young people friends cannot frequently in front of the computer the long seat ,  even if does proper business ,  like this also can be harmful to oneself body . "
blood is pouring from your daughter in more than one place . 
a graduate fellowship was an escape that landed me in another city — miami — with at least enough money to get by . 
our correspondent in vienna bethany bell has followed the case in court . 
"miss ning said his distinctive look comes from his parents ,  one an american short - hair and the other a persian cat . "
so should we go with chemo or holistic medicine ? 
that nineteen ninety - six law defines marriage as between one man and one woman . 
india has always taken a discreet attitude towards the issue of foreign fund utilization and a policy of both utilizing and restricting it . 
"you move a green bar from the left edge of the screen to the right edge of the screen , "
they concentrated on better definition of the optical image . 
"so ,  i was able to go in and draw down photos that had been tagged"
"china ' s box office has been booming in recent years ,  growing from a mere 950 million yuan  (  $ 153 million )  in 2002 -  - when china first began allowing modern theater chains -  - to 21 . 6 billion yuan last year . "
the sheriff ' s willing to forgrt it if you bring that ambulance back . 
"the list remains in europe for the next crop of hotties ,  with the latin love - gods from portuguese capital lisbon winning the hearts of many a curious female holidaymaker . "
call every insurance company in botswana and ask them about missing fingers . 
"on the basis all over ,  using the interconvertible function of object and detector systematically analyses the dimension of black spot、 smaller circular apearture diaphragm of detector and illuminace of black spot have an influence upon measuring veiling glare index . "
predictions early in 2005 that the year would be the warmest on record turned out to be off the mark . 
the public has been awakened to the full horror of the situation . 
he persuaded some people to go back with him to greenland . 
for thou wilt lie upon the wings of night whiter than new snow on a raven ' s back . 
"of course no one can hope to look so far ahead with great accuracy .  but ,  interestingly ,  the bank ' s scenario for 2010 was a little closer to the mark .  in other words ,  they did a better job of projecting seven years ahead than five .  if the goal is to trace out long - term trends ,  forecasts may do better over the long run than the short .  predicting the distant future is forbiddingly difficult .  predicting the near future is no easier . "
"i ' m jane masterson , principal here at hayden high . "
"he had so many gifts for his family and friends ,  he was lugging eight cardboard boxes in addition to his suitcase .  that was in the 1980s ,  when flights weren ' t crowded .  the airline didn ' t even charge him for the extra luggage . "
"finn :  well ,  did you know that bbc learning english has pages on facebook and twitter ? "
"because this is the place if aliens land ,  i hope they come here . "
you just don ' t wanna admit that the brody played . 
i can ' t bear making a long journey by bus . 
joshua therefore came unto them suddenly and went up from gilgal all night . 
"so we changed that and put ,   "" this is the famous budweiser house . "
you never stopped to think that they could get killed . 
"although exploration in the rovuma basin has not yet yielded any major oil discoveries ,  prospecting indicates significant quantities of natural gas in the area . "
do you wanna know why i use a knife ? 
the address of the cat’s new owners is being kept a secret out of fears that the newly - enriched moggywill be besiegedby fortune hunters and con men . 
the rich mandarins and the court officials built these gardens to spend here their years of retirement . 
make sure your workspace is workable–make sure that your area of work is suitable for productive work . 
not only by advocating for a better diet for everyone  -  - 
" "" as the housing market declines ,  we have stayed very busy with commissions developing virtual architecture for several companies and universities ,  ""  he says . "
all right .  a lot of different learning processes going on in here . 
it seems to me everybody in the world ' s been quoted here : 
i knew you ' d be happy to see him . 
you didn ' t see her for two years while you learned at the hand of the master . 
"and to cut a long story short ,  eight months later"
"whatever they are ,  wherever you found them ,  take them back . "
"then you can ' t help but make them go  "" wow ""  ; "
" "" this is a huge turning point for the hollywood - china dynamic ,  ""  said phil contrino ,  chief analyst of boxoffice .  com .   "" it levels the playing field between the two markets .  ""   "" age of extinction ,  ""  which took in an additional  $ 111 . 3 million from other foreign markets ,  received disastrous reviews from critics ,  many of whom complained of an overlong running time of 166 minutes .  but ticket buyers gave it an a - minus grade in cinemascore exit polls ,  boding well for word of mouth .  no other film opened in wide release against the movie ,  the fourth installment of a franchise that has now taken in more than  $ 3 billion globally . "
i ' m fed up with waiting for her to telephone . 
but i might be tired so i ' ll probably just get it in the morning on my way to pick up a prescription . 
"the justice department alleges that mr mix intentionally deleted 200 text messages ,  which included one suggesting that the flow rate was three times what bp was publicly estimating at the time .  it alleges he later deleted a further 100 text messages containing sensitive information ,  noting that he had received numerous legal notices to preserve such data . "
"any theory would have to account for the persistence of pms over substantial evolutionary time ,  as it appears to afflict baboons as well  [ 16 ]  . "
" [ niv ]  you are also to provide with it morning by morning a grain offering ,  consisting of a sixth of an ephah with a third of a hin of oil to moisten the flour . "
"the u . s .  agency for international development ,  usaid ,  announced the decision friday .  it said the two countries had agreed on terms for a  "" substantial improvement ""  in monitoring of food deliveries ,  to assure that they reach the intended recipients . "
"no ,  an old chock full o ' nuts can will do me just fine . "
"when they can ' t strike ,  they become really obnoxious and awful , "
"the poor person slightly one rich thinks oneself richly ,  thereupon is put on a high and mighty act…"
the object of teaching a child is to enable him to get along without a teacher . 
there is absolutely no uniform formula for an efficient country financial system to follow . 
bad enough to wake a few generals . 
and i ' ve done hundreds of them over the years . 
"chinese are equal opportunity opportunists .  if you’ve clearly got money and are interested in doing a business transaction with them ,  they don’t care the color of your skin or the origin of ancestry . "
"david nalbandian :  no ,  today i feel much ,  much better . "
"in this culture ,  in american english ,  it is very important to say “no . ”"
though kimi raikkonen ' s days as a 20 - something are numbered -  - he turns 30 in october -  - his earning potential shows no sign of slowing . 
"to prepare your garden for carrots ,  dig up the soil ,  loosen it and turn it over .  then ,  mix in some plant material or animal fertilizer . "
"now ,  the government is having trouble finding the money to pay the farmers . "
my paramount object is to save the union and destroy slavery . 
online author liu chenfeng ' s best - known novel a clear midsummer night is a love story .  it attracted more than 30 million web hits and won the top prize in the annual competition for chinese romance novels in 2012 . 
"from closing of mortification in chinese tradition to opening of sexy idea at present ,  from“xieyi”to“baofu”in old time to brassiere in modern time ,  bra has become evident fashion in present days by thousands of years’development ,  evolution and transformation . "
"he invited me to his studio .  he said ,   "" come and visit .  "" "
i would always take her along with me wherever i go .  my cell phone comes with a digital camera and has turned the vast world into a tiny little village . 
"functional systems ,  all the way up to building buildings , "
the annual ranking of the world ' s 50 largest energy groups will be published today . 
"not only that ,  but they can also be used for disease models . "
"eight to 10 times more .  and they feel happy spending it at home , "
rafael benitez today confirmed liverpool are in discussions with other clubs regarding albert riera . 
"the champion was resveratrol ,  already well known for its possible health benefits . "
"who don ' t like equations ,  is something that you ' re quite used to . "
"the actual amount is higher ,  and so the goal is to reduce both . "
was effective in uganda is we have good data on prevalence over time . 
it ' s a period in my life that i really don ' t like talking about . 
he is first a reader and then a junior editor at ellison and co . 
"fig . osteophyte formed around prothesis ,  but no effect on joint activities year after operation . "
under the influence of the drug my mind was filled with surreal images . 
"and in order to hear me and understand what i ' m saying , "
even i don ' t trust my judgment anymore . 
that is why i know .  .  .  this age has no need of us . 
and none of that ' s true with james . 
the gun that killed katherine markum was used in a liquor - store holdup in 1984 . 
"this lad was much ,  son of old much the miller ,  who should have been helping his father at the mill ,  but had stolen away to drink ale with scarlett instead ,  being a lazy lad by nature . "
"the white house said it made peace efforts more difficult .  the eu called the decision illegal ,  a view echoed by france and britain . "
" "" the offshore renminbi market is still quite small and subject to external shocks ,  ""  lisa o  ' connor ,  swift ' s director of renminbi internationalisation ,  told the financial times . "
"regularly getting too little increases the risk of health problems ,  including memory impairment and a weakened immune system . "
perhaps you haven ' t really embraced the concept of the plex . 
this is a series of light boxes i made for a show in italy . 
so oz is better at both spears and axes than adam . 
then this failed experiment called existence .  .  .  will cease to be . 
"compared with traditional application development technologies ,  one important aspect of rich internet applications  ( rias )  is the ease of handling media rich contents . "
"also ,  what do the school ' s top students go on to do after they graduate ? "
it seems almost universal that people take delight in being visually tricked . 
"you know ,  it ' s funny ,  just talking to your friend here for a little while ,   ( groans ) "
"we have ,  like ,  seconds left till he comes in . "
"i ' ve started trying to figure out what i wanna do ,  who i wanna be ,  you know ? "
many people believed that houston would follow jackson as president . 
"or indeed ,  to get sick in the first place . "
"i didn ' t know what was meat ,  what was vegetarian . "
there ' re terrorists out there to get people like us nowadays . 
"so we can see where it ' s emerging here ,  like president ford , "
"as the earth is ,  or the moon around the earth . "
"he consulted the venetian archives and discovered that in the 16th century glassmakers had created an effect called avventurina ,  which makes glass look green . "
"a little bit from yesterday ,  you know ,  when kenny got .  .  . "
"well ,  he ' s quite the catch ,  isn ' t he ? "
"if i ' m to go up against ,  ned pepper . "
"the parents ,  who both graduated from the university of washington ,  have a newborn . "
what if he wasa danger to someone else ? 
"lead researcher professor jessica tracy said :   ' while showing a happy face is considered essential to friendly social interactions ,  including those involving sexualattraction -  few studies have actually examined whether a smile is ,  in fact ,  attractive . "
rival weibo has lost users following a half - year - long campaign against “rumour mongering” on the internet . 
"those who believe that drama evolved out of ritual also argue that those rites contained the seed of theater because music ,  dance ,  masks ,  and costumes were almost always used . "
"the benefits of this interaction run two ways .  myspace users are better informed about where candidates stand on particular issues ,  and they feel they have a candidate ' s ear .  and candidates can use the feedback they receive to tailor their pitch to young voters whose support will be crucial in the state primaries and later ,  in the general election .  it may be more than coincidence that senator obama ,  who participated in a myspace / mtv forum in iowa ,  clinched the primary there ,  and senator mccain won new hampshire following his virtual town meeting with myspace / mtv users . "
"this has not been seen in an earthly laboratory ,  but dr remijan thinks it is an important pathway in space ,  and alma should soon tell him if he is right . "
the shape charge indicates that they are technically proficient . 
"would not marry somebody who had every single quality they were looking for in a partner , "
piles supporting bridge abutments on soft clay may be loaded laterally from horizontal soil movements generated by the approach embankment .  construction of embankments on soft clay results in the development of time dependant vertical and horizontal sub - soil displacements . 
get the strainer as well as your bowl . 
"i could ' ve removed it ,  but i thought it was important to keep a sense of history ,  so i asked the men to rebuild it . "
there ' s not the smallest danger in it . 
some students may argue that they mean well when they choose to put on earphones to give roommates a hint instead of complaining about the noise . 
i even started to paint with the watercolors father gave me . 
"the irish daily star also published the photos on september 15 .  the news came after italian gossip magazine chi said it planned to print the pictures in a special 26 - page issue this week ,  the bbc reported . "
the publisher published a new series of readers for students of english . 
do not immerse in water and do not use to vacuum water . 
"and now that i ' m trying to protect the people that i put in harm ' s way ,  you ' re going to walk out ? "
"“when they hand us resumes and attend interviews ,  it is confusing for us and drains our energy for dealing with the large amount of applicants . ”"
the memory of the broken  -  backed dog rose in his mind . 
look at the : look at the bronze warrior . 
"so in this case of modules ,  the end  -  user saved on startup time ,  but will end up paying for it when they move from one module to the next since each new module will need to be loaded in a jit manner . "
"we ' re also looking at other possible alternatives ,  one of which would be airlifting from cameroon to bangui . "
and sort of familiar rooms  -  -  to tell the story of the holocaust . 
because he was complaining that the catholic church had gone amok
" ' i shared every birthday and my bar mitzvah with my brother ,  '  he said .   ' i ' ll be damned if i am going to share my wedding with him .  ' "
"strange to say ,  she had grown poorer and prettier ,  two steps which it had not seemed within her power to take . "
i am willing to buy counterfeit luxury products for my own use . 
your eyes do not walk long ah ? 
as we don ' t talk about europe as one place . 
this is english as a second language podcast number 436 . 
"i ' m sorry ,  i have nothing to pay you except some big bills . "
"my goodness ,  this is a very big fish . "
"brassiere first showed on magazines in 1907 ,  after that bra became fashion of women . "
"they measured the popularity of more than 3 , 000 heterosexual users of a site and looked at the popularity of each . "
coming to a new country when you ' re in your mid - 20s . 
"you will recall that in 1976 ,  june 16 ,  the students of south africa boycotted"
"i got bit by fucking diseased dogs ,  goddamn it . "
i didn ' t realize there was a line here . 
i ' m kindly surprised to hear you say that . 
"yeah ,  i knew he ' d like the lighter . "
you think you can get away with this ? 
you don ' t see him jumping up and down on the touch lines . 
and these systems are deployed out in the real world  -  - 
the condition is a tear between the vagina and the bladder or the rectum . 
"houston ' s albums also dominated amazon ' s cd best seller chart on sunday ,  withat no .  1 and seven other houston - related albums  -  including the soundtracks to the bodyguard and waiting to exhale  -  in the top ten . "
more than six hundred seventy - one thousand foreign students attended an american college or university during the last school year . 
that ' s a response to the sec ' s request for comment
i sort of get numb to it . 
robert kagan is with the brookings institution in washington . 
"a grassroots movement that uses the internet to communicate ,  organize and raise money .  also :  netroots . "
"this year ' s sao paulo car show will also display for the first time vehicles from indian manufacturer mahindra ,  which will present three large open bed trucks that will be assembled in brazil in partnership with brazilian company brasmonte ,  in the city of manaus . "
"every night ,  i retreat to my lonely bedsit ,  and sit and do some life doing . "
"now ,  certainly odette and jean baptiste are on the list . "
obama accused mccain of backing away from comprehensive immigration reform during the primary election season . 
the announcements confirmed that the election would take place on june 20 th . 
"ipxi was set up in 2008 by ocean tomo ,  a merchant bank that specialises in intellectual property ,  and its investors include cboe holdings ,  the parent company of the chicago board options exchange . "
different interpretations of experience and environment also meant that cultural differences affected diagnosis . 
 ' cause it ' s what i would have done . 
"based on the structural difference between photonic crystal fiber  ( pcf )  and conventional optical fiber ,  this paper briefly analyse the photo - conduction principle and the single -  mode property of pcf .  in succession ,  stability of fiber grating based on pcf ,  tunable property of temperature of long - period fiber grating based on polymer filled holey fiber and the theory of structural long - period gratings in photonic crystal fiber with nonphotosensitive core are discussed .  the potential application of pcf are demonstrated on one aspect . "
"this paper ,  through the picture procedure ,  employs the least square method to draw up the data in computation in order to get the parameters both quickly and correctly . "
if you compare how obama did against how john kerry had done four years earlier  -  - 
"that night’s show was the youth edition of peony pavilion .  although li had little knowledge of kunqu opera or peony pavilion ,  she didn’t hesitate to watch it . "
"i am thankful for having the opportunity to live with my parents ,  which not every young american has . "
she is the most knowledgable woman in the land . 
"the bikeway will be painted in a distinctive color ,  so it can be distinguished easily . "
"lauren taylor ,  human resources generalist with burns mcdonnell ,  has reviewed countless résumés .  she used that experience to create a list of 10 words and phrases to keep off of your résumé .  if you see any of these on your document ,  steer clear . "
"careful ,  i want it in good shape for my retirement . "
and what we did over there was pretty much simple . 
finding a job isn ' t difficult for students in petroleum engineering .  wang estimates that his class has an employment rate of more than 95 percent . 
ancestor masks are carved into furniture and decorate buildings in taiwan . 
" "" demand for rental properties has also increased significantly in all the australian cities we rank ,  ""  mercer principal nathalie constantin - metral said in a statement . "
"no ,  i ' m gonna skip this particular bloodbath ,  thank you . "
"so the virtual earth initiative ,  and other types of these initiatives , "
put on your spiritual armor to stand against the wiles of the devil . 
"stop !   ""  that will be all for today ""  ! "
"you ' re about to tie your life to someone ,  someone who doesn ' t even really get you as well as your friends do ,  and what you ' re sweating is dancing at your reception ? "
"two methods are employed by shigongs  ( folk masters )  to get rid of catastrophe and seek fortune for the people ,  in "" communication ""  with the spiritual beings ,  the folk masters will fist perform dances ,  called "" ruan gong fu ""   ( soft arts )  to curry favor with the spiritual beings for reconciliation ;  then they will perform magic arts ,  called "" ying gong fu ""   ( hard arts ) to contend against the spirits to eliminate catastrophe . "
"with the expansion of college enrollments ,  many classrooms are overcrowded ,  making it difficult for teachers monitor class attendance and easy for students to skip class . "
"a cat looks out from a cafe window in a hutong alley in beijing ,  on thursday ,  may 5 ,  2011 .   ( ap photo / andy wong ) "
"the refurbishment and modernisation programme for the ports of maputo and matola ,  which is expected to take three years ,  includes ,  as well as dredging access channels ,  interventions on the dock and other port facilities such as roads ,  storage areas and cargo handling equipment . "
"lemon juice provides your body with energy when it enters your digestive tract ,  and it also helps reduce anxiety and depression .   ( even the scent of lemons has a calming effect on your nervous system !  ) "
being an anchorman or newsman is a lot like being a pilot . 
it was looking pretty good to me . 
"his first watch was sold to a collector friend ,  sam clutton ,  in 1970 for ￡1 , 900 ;  when sold in 2002 ,  it fetched more than ￡200 , 000 . "
"for a second there , i thought you were gonna eat me . "
"even in the eu ,  average life expectancy is 8 . 6 months shorter due to exposure to pm2 . 5 ,  though the lung cancer rate has slightly decreased there in recent years ,  studies found . "
"naps increase alertness and performance on the job ,  enhance learning ability and purge negative emotions while enhancing positive ones . "
land contracts right of administration should be a kind new  -  style the content that use profit counterpoises . 
who drove me to train until my bones cracked ?  . 
"well ,  if somebody wants to employ him as a convict - labourer . "
he likes to listen to people talk . 
"ain ' t you trembling while i speak ,  sir ? "
"if he ' s worth it ,  he ' il be there . "
"those tuskens walk like men .  .  .  but they ' re vicious ,  mindless monsters . "
if you ' re chosen by the brody woman .   .   .   .   .   . you will be briefed on arrival . 
"i know it sounds like a little thing to you ,  but  -  -    -  - "
"as hem saw his friend getting into his running gear ,  he said ,   "" you ' re not really going out into the maze again ,  are you ?  "" "
"in classical prosody ,  a line in which the first four feet are either dactylic or spondaic ,  the fifth dactylic ,  and the sixth spondaic . "
so that if i were to go somewhere  .  .  . 
the first ted conference in 1984 was such a damp squib that the organisers did not hold a second one for six years . 
the fading behavior of grain in a 356 alloys was investigated . 
we get our enemies to kill each other . 
"who is the guiltier ,  the printer or the author ? "
"some people have the opposite problem when it comes to exes and find themselves gushing about the awesome things he did ,  gifts he gave you ,  how he made you feel special ,  blah blah blah .  for the sake of any new relationship you might be forming ,  and your own sanity ,  get your mind - and mouth - out of the past . "
"just like ibrahim afellay ,  expect  "" el guaje ""  villa to be named in various transfer rumors this summer .  some of the teams rumored to be looking for villa ' s services include chelsea and liverpool .  villa is out with a broken shinbone but don ' t expect him to be out of barcelona in the summer . "
regional disparity in attracting foreign talent to china is highlighted by survey results released on wednesday showing that inland areas have a long way to go in attracting professionals from overseas . 
most anaesthetists were not physicians  ( accredited anaesthetist per 100 000 population :  1 . 1 )  . 
"in the course of our history ,  we have come through many trials and tribulations ,  growing from a small fishing village 200 years ago to the singapore of today . "
"of ,  visually ,  of what the earth looks like  -  - "
now i ' m not here to tell you what kind of legislation
"no ,  the fuel is frozen and contains a self - sufficient unit . "
"st .  regis hotel ,  shanghai has announced the appointment of mr .  chris tsoi as the hotel manager . "
"the concept of post -  modernism art has already rooted deeply in every kind of modern arts ,  anti - authoritarianism , anti - rationalism and skepticism made the authority concept disappear in the domain of west art and contemporary art .  it causes obstruction of communication between people and art works as well . "
actions that nurses simple just don ' t have time for . 
the most important question is whether research has indeed become more productive . 
please ensure that all the account holders or authorized signatories sign this redemption form . 
"a  "" backseat driver ""  is someone who sits in the back seat behind the driver and says  "" look out !  there ' s a car coming !   "" "
"scientists speculate that by mildly irritating the wart ,  the tape activates the immune system which suppresses the viral microbes that cause warts . "
"language work together with korea ,  multi  -  use allusions ,  forming a vigorous ,  elegant ,  sophisticated style . "
"well ,  we know from astrobiology that we can really now predict"
"he said the government had meant only that it did not want other assistance immediately but would need it later ,  blaming a typing error for the misunderstanding . "
the word “budget” has such a negativeconnotationin today ' s society . 
in 2000 the human /  livestock population of qinghai province was ? 
can i count on your best work ? 
"given that the legacy of sexual violence in conflict can cause long term instability ,  addressing impunity is part of the process for restoring peace . "
"he shuffled off ,  a bent ,  scholarly figure among the citizens of his goddamn country . "
"but imagine that you are marooned on an island with just your rusty laptop … .  ok ,  strike out the ‘gilligan’s island ’ scenario and look at a more realistic setting of being away from a net connection . "
snow muffles the shriek of metal and the rasp of motion . 
"finally ,  she walked over to me with her flashlight ,  and i held my breath . "
and what we ' re seeing is not just the potential death
with the faith of a mustard seed you can move mountains . 
"3 .  if your dress has an openneckline ,  be sure to warm up your neck and chest with a dusting of bronzing powder . "
those relatively low percentages are exactly the bank ' s point :  it argues that east asian nations can afford to prepare for climate change by building it into their infrastructure programs . 
"an investor who put  $ 10 , 000 in the fund when mr .  laporte took the helm ,  three weeks before the crash of 1987 ,  now has  $ 78 , 000 . "
"i don ' t know how they ' d survive if i told them about you ,  too . "
"a big vote for sugar ray robinson .   .  .  . of 6 - 2 ,  and 2 - even ,  for the winner by unanimous decision , "
and what you can do is sort of compare dna of normal segs versus cancer . 
"there are other theories around seeking to explain the recent cold winters ,  too . "
the rest of our lives will be in the future .  we need to prepare for it now . 
"that there were people living in places like the grand canyon , "
" "" jesus '  teachings of love ,  and mercy and forgiveness ,  i think ,  really should dominate our lives ,  ""  he says .   "" on the personal level ,  i agree with many of the ethical teachings of jesus and i try to model my life on them ,  even though i don ' t agree with the apocalyptic framework in which they were put .  "" "
you ' re famed through the world for fighting this way . 
"in a crystal ,  all four are used to bind it to neighbouring atoms . "
"during the 11  -  day competitions ,  the paralympic stadiums were almost full of spectators . "
tsvangirai maintains that the opposition not only won control of parliament but that he won the presidential election in the last relatively free and fair poll in march .  he did not contest the presidential run - off in june because of violence against his supporters . 
how the hell can he paint with a shaking hand ? 
"now ,  speaking of parents and peaking of bullshit  -  two ideas which aren ' t always mutually exclusive ,  by the way  - "
they felt like newly  -  created beings in a newly  -  created world . 
"and the  "" a students ""  get the tougher curriculum ,  the best teachers ,  etc . "
"a romantic relationship should be a safe place ,  so reassure your partner that he / she is attractive ,  loveable ,  and accomplished . "
maybe five percent of their time is actually sitting next to students
"danny ,  pick up tenika and carry her across that threshold . "
a film like this shows all the subtle emotions and sentiments of a group of gangsters . 
a game that is very popular with these young swimmers is the underwater tricycle race . 
the girl lost her balance and fell off the balance beam . 
"to set the record straight ,  i must say now that i never supported the idea . "
"why have i been allowed to live this extra day when others ,  far better than i ,  have departed ? "
she embraced my offer to go to the hospital . 
"and of the sons of pashhur :  elioenai ,  maaseiah ,  ishmael ,  nethanel ,  jozabad ,  and elasah . "
"both countries have both previously been leading sources of spam .  but after anti - spam laws were passed and botnets were shut down ,  junk mail coming from these countries decreased .  clearly ,  spammers still want to take advantage of the powerful computing resources available in the u . s .  and china to set up new botnets in those countries ,  according to kaspersky lab ' s guesstimates . "
"but though air is not wealth ,  mankind are much richer by obtaining it gratis ,  since the time and labour which would otherwise be required for supplying the most pressing of all wants ,  can be devoted to other purposes . "
"scuba divers have been scouring the depths of the andaman sea ,  in some of thailand ' s favorite dive spots .  they are clearing away debris littering the seabed  -  all carried by the killer tsunami two weeks ago . "
"you can dispense with the mirror ,  unlearn the paralysis , "
"a device used to combine and adjust sounds from a variety of sources in order to create a final recorded audio product ,  such as the soundtrack of a movie . "
"i shall never forget her marching at the head of some 400 female refugees through the town ,  right past groups of vagabonding japanese soldiers ,  to guide the refugees to the safety of her girls '  camp in ginling college . "
"as a result ,  the shrek series has shrewdly played to children as well as grown - ups .  there are the kind of jokes that are sure to get the kids laughing .  and there are the kind of pop - culture - referential jokes that are usually meant to accommodate adults while they are trapped in the theater .  the kids aren ' t really supposed to know that princess fiona is doing a move like neo in the matrix . "
"in that programme we saw that the imperative was the standard verb form to use ,  and that linking words such as ‘then’ and ‘and’ were important when describing the sequence of instructions . "
we must renovate our social life to keep abreast of the times . 
"on weekends and during holidays ,  many of us enjoy doing nothing . "
what kind of man would i be if sat idly by while you stole her from me ? 
"in spite of the weather ,  they managed to push along and arrived at the work site before daybreak . "
this setup consists of a butterfly valve and a rotary electromechanical actuator . 
"and i would like ,  in a minute ,  to thank philips for helping . "
we had been taking our chances for days and found nothing . 
"to state it bluntly ,  we have a stake in one another ' s success . "
microsoft ' s forum contains 476 pages of complaints about lost and deleted e -  mails that date back to early november . 
and we have an extraordinary team of biologists and engineers creating this robot . 
" "" if dr .  martin luther king could speak to us today ,  he would say ' stand up ,  speak out ,  speak up and talk back .  do not be so quiet and make some noise .  '  today ,  as we celebrate and commemorate the birthday of martin luther king jr .  ,  i say find your passion and then take a stand ,  ""  he said .   "" i believe he would be saying today ,   ' end the war ,  end the war in iraq .  and bring our young men and our young women home .  '  "" "
" "" cic has the money but it will be happier to team up with a chinese bank that knows the business ,  making the deal more likely a strategic investment to ilfc ,  ""  he added . "
"and bundle you out .  he will confiscate your things ,  '  armstrong said . "
the method is good for quantitative analysis of flax fiber chemical composition . 
" ' this has been for quite a while now a hostile environment for young people ,  '  said paul taylor ,  executive vice president of the pew research center ,  which has studied the impact of the recession on young people .   ' this is all they ' ve really known .  ' "
i thought you said you were going out today . 
you ' re going to move the blue one up in order to get the lavender one to the right . 
"you ' re the only person i can trust ,  all right ? "
" "" it ' s incredibly difficult ,  and not very lucrative ""  for the artists ,  says condry ,  who visited dozens of anime studios ,  workshops and artists while researching the book over the last eight years .   "" it ' s one of the most labor - intensive forms of media there is .  ""  entertainment companies do not necessarily make huge profits off anime ,  which was an issue motivating condry ' s study ;  as he puts it ,   "" how can things that don ' t make money go global ?  "" "
words thus strung together fall on the ears like music . 
i was trying to get a tan . 
"but what beekeepers can do is ,  if they have one surviving colony , "
the other parts of dr gentile ' s study looked at established behaviour . 
here are 10 tips to help your travel be effortless : 
"i ' m not the enemy and i ' m not afraid .  "" "
they were an average of almost sixteen years old .  they attended three secondary schools in urban areas and one in a rural area . 
the bather might have had the feel of a surf bath . 
the first really big health issue is a word that murray schafer coined : 
1 )  the mortise and tenon joint of the structure is replaced by a special beam - element group in the finite element model . 
to use their own money to punish others for being selfish . 
"on the way to my meeting ,  my watch cracks . "
"in the 1980s ,  as colonel qaddafi shopped round the far east for nuclear bombs ,  sponsored terror groups ,  invaded chad in the cause of a “greater libya” and sent agents to blow up a pan am airliner over lockerbie in scotland ,  he became a pariah :  ronald reagan’s “mad dog” ,  to be bombed until he whimpered . "
"is this a bad time ,  one two ? "
powell also said he was voting for obama because of senator mccain ' s decision to tap governor palin as his running mate .  powell said he did not think palin was ready to be president in the event something happened to mccain . 
i ' d better stop talkingand keep goin '  here . 
"xinhua ,  the official chinese news agency ,  published a story thursday on mr .  kissinger ' s remarks . "
i wish you ' d give up that ridiculous job . 
security line design was originally an effective method only in the field of banknote and portfolio making . 
"despite the criticisms from ethiopia ,  weinstein says president yusuf is not likely to back off from attempts to retain as much power as he can . "
"and as an architect ,  i ' ve always found these kinds of systems"
what i advise him to do is  ( to )  write without affectation . 
you ' re going to make the music and the rhythm . 
and it ' s very much an in - the - moment activity that they ' re engaged in . 
there is no mention of betrothal or marriage rings in this or any other edition of the bible . 
so many that i ' ve actually forgotten what it ' s like to hire somebody . 
they could do nothing except stand gazing into one another ' s eyes . 
i ' m sure we can find a solution . 
"so ,  hong kong really is a city with an expanding ambit of restaurants . "
"so next time you are unhappy with something in your relationship — pause and see the opportunity for these little complaints to do their work for you ,  or else … i may … be forced to … no ,  no ,  no … just kidding !  you ' ll see just how much stronger your relationship becomes . "
"for better or worse ,  sunset - watching crowds have become a big part of the phenomenon . "
"light from the sky is polarised and ,  as he discovered in 2011 ,  looking through a piece of iceland spar reveals the direction of polarisation ,  and thus the direction of the sun ,  to within 5 . "
"we succeed in winning the contract ,  but for a long time we were sailing against the wind ,  and were doubtful of our success . "
we did all that and he broke in again . 
"i have some smuggled coffee and most capital tobacco ,  in a small chest in the hold ,  which you shall have to -  morrow . "
"there are a lot of really neat ,  very good robotic hands out there in the market . "
what had happened was that they realized that there were organisms
that ' s the kind of shame that is a teacher . 
there are two consultants to the governor on environmental protection . 
 ( 45 )  fan bingbing :  i rate 10 to my satisfaction with my life
"i know it because people come up to me ,  like colleagues , "
"until clarence birdseye came along ,  there was no frozen food . "
"resting on a bookshelf is a framed program from the 1963 march on washington ,  where civil rights leader martin luther king jr .  delivered his famous  "" i have a dream ""  speech . "
"the constant evolution of video game graphics has opened the door to many halloween costumes .  this year ,  the obsession of the touch - screen game angry bird will undoubtedly translate into millions of sightings of the popular round red and black and triangular yellow birds on halloween .  according to tom fallenstein ,  chief executive of halloweencostumes . com ,  as of early october ,  the costume retailer has sold most of its angry bird costumes . "
what we crave most in this world is connection . 
china will never draw back what she has promised . 
"girls fall in love with what they hear .  boys fall in love with what they see .  that ' s why girls wear make up ,  and boys lie . "
scientists have accomplished great advances in exploring outer space . 
this week ' s coordinated interest rate cuts by several nations '  central banks appear to have had little or no effect on investors '  confidence . 
it was exactly one year ago that the building you see .  .  .  across the street from me was totally demolished by fire . 
this paper proposes a novel airport region of interest  ( roi )  detection algorithm for large  -  scale spaceborne synthetic aperture radar  ( sar )  image . 
"yesterday ,  ahmadinejad said the iranian supreme leader ,  ayatollah ali khamenei ,  was like a father to him . "
" "" you want to be a boss ,  that ' s ok .  but you shouldn ' t end your article like this .  you should write  ' i want to do charitable work with the money i earn '  ,  ""  his teacher commented . "
technology companies and other industrial firms are used to guarding against the theft of intellectual property by unscrupulous businesses in developing countries . 
its public position is that it abides by all un arms embargoes . 
"and so we ' ve tried that ,  and i ' ll go over that in a moment . "
"you don ' t wantto reach a ripe ,  old age ? "
"these include financial regulation ,  payment transaction costs ,  revenue share issues and customer support difficulties . "
researchers have produced what they call a large map to show genetic links with parkinson ' s disease . 
"good ,  as long as it ' s not poisonous . "
"in the end ,  he decided to add one more question ,  but stressed that a question from the korean press . "
would it be too much trouble if i asked to see her ? 
"it said that three quarters of those surveyed believed they were at low risk of contracting hiv , "
"and yet ,  let me tell you a little story . "
rs :  i hope they do .  and i think they probably won ' t . 
read on to learn how to put your foot down with these master manipulators . 
objective to study the therapeutic effect of kebite nebulizer inhalation in bronchiolitis . 
is this the biggest that you ' re aware of out there ? 
"some parapets fell ,  and unanchored roof diaphragms punched out wall sections ,  but collapse was uncommon . "
"deep in the harem .  .  .  where man ventures not for fear of death , "
results :  9 patients with wpw syndrome were checked and accord with poisson . 
you ' re praying to the universe because you ' re praying to the universe
"the yeast ,  whose mission it has been up till now to raise the dough , "
"i ' m gonna be here a while ,  kid . "
and there ' s some psycho out there stalking us . 
"for much of the past decade ,  the media each year has reported on who rents girlfriends ,  how much it costs to rent a girlfriend and how they carry off their holiday - only charades in small towns and big cities across the country . "
we ' re not going to get enough energy from renewables alone . 
i hope every member of congress read beinart ' s piece . 
he lived with his mother until she died when he was forty - three . 
i even think chris said something like this yesterday . 
"you brought your backup passport ,  i hope . "
"i wanted one tea ,  with milk and sugar in it . "
"how do you get girls to remember you？just buy them some scented soap so each time they shower ,  they will remember you"
employment growth ran at only 1 per cent a year between 1993 and 2004 ; 
"you really want to kill me ,  huh !  ? "
i ' m wondering whether you could come over for a pizza sometime next week ? 
the dictum that sovereign applications should fill the screen is also true of document windows within the application itself . 
i tried to collect my thoughts but i was too excited . 
"the nature of the deposit ,  the conditions that led to the final abandonment of the city ,  and the changes that have taken place after the abandonment have all become observed knowledge . "
the basic grammatical meaning of the verbal pattern of aabb is increasing the quantity of action . 
you disrespect me and i ' il tattoo the ceiling with your fucking brains . 
"the head of the venezuelan conference of bishops ,  diego pardron ,  said the constitution was clear .  mr .  chavez must attend his inauguration on jan . "
"j edgar fucking hoover ,  i don ' t work for you . "
the prince lived in a large and beautiful castle . 
the outernet team claim that only 60 %  of the world ' s population currently have access to the wealth of knowledge that can be found on the internet . 
"i have to solve the problem ,  here in berlin ,  or perish . "
"some analysts are optimistic that toyota and honda have learnt from their mistakes and can bounce back ,  although it will be a difficult task in what is now the most competitive national market in the history of the auto industry . "
"an italian couple are to become the world ' s oldest divorcees ,  after the 99 - year - old husband found that his 96 - year - old wife had an affair in the 1940s . "
in our lab everyone is supposed to wear a mask to protect himself from radioactive materials . 
"csr is a crucial factor in harmonious development of economy and society ,  and it is also an important guide line of sustainable development to corporate . "
"we need to present our freshest ,  happiest selves to the world and we can only do this by soaking up the beauty of the world around us . "
"the shabaab functioned as the militant wing of the ousted islamic courts union ,  whose top leaders are in exile in eritrea .  but in early february ,  the shabaab broke off ties with the courts ,  complaining that its leadership was not committed to establishing islamic rule throughout the world through jihad . "
"it ' s sausage and beans all day long ,  mate . "
thunderstorms are much less common in ireland than in england . 
"meanwhile ,  the commercial beekeeping industry is struggling to provide pollination services to the nations '  farmers . "
"anne ,  are you listening to me  ? "
"or rather ,  i wonder how long until one of the search engines is successful in buying these guys — because i ’m sure some have already tried . "
"well ,  if by success ,  you mean that your parenting troubles are over ,  yes . "
"and these happen to be my eyes ,  by the way . "
"ramiro naguilaze told the radio station that several surveys underway showed the presence of hydrocarbons ,  but that their quantities were as yet unknown . "
you ' re the only other succubus that i ' ve ever met . 
"be that as it may ,  andy ,  there ' s no telephone in this kitchen . "
"a metallurgical coating process in which iron or steel is immersed in a powder of another metal ,  such as zinc ,  chromium ,  or aluminum ,  and heated to a temperature below the melting point of either . "
so why not pop some popcorn and curl up on the couch for a movie marathon ? 
"so you can bump things  -  -  they ' re all physically ,  you know ,  manipulable and stuff . "
"lusaka ,  zambia ,  20 march–the average economic growth rate for african countries is expected to reach 5 . 4 percent this year ,  0 . 6 percentage points more than in 2005 ,  the director of the international monetary fund ( imf )  ,  rodrigo rato said saturday . "
aba can advance the accumulation of ca 2  +  . 
"i can also site the example of a british businessman mr duncan clark ,  who came to beijing in 1994 to develop e - commerce in china . "
everyone at cfi is hoping they don ' t turn out to be the same sex so they can pair off . 
"the beijing government calls its policy “transitional” ,  which allows nonresident students to take the entrance exam only for secondary vocational schools starting from 2013 and higher vocational schools in 2014 . "
"“we ' re waiting .  everything is done ,  the machinery has been bought and is ready to be sent to mozambique ,  but only when the government makes its decision will we go ahead with it ,  ”rodrigues told macauhub . "
"american writer whose works ,  including short stories and the novel the grandissimes ( 1880 )  ,  concern social order and racial discord in the south . "
"okay ,  i guess we ' re getting married in three weeks . "
" "" think about how this job will affect your whole career ,  ""  mackey - ross advises .   "" there are often intangibles -  -  like how great this company and this position will look on your resume ,  and how it could qualify you for a bigger job later -  -  that might be worth an  ' opportunity cost '  of a lower salary than you ' d like in the short term .  "" "
trying to beat the detroit pistons with newly acquired chris webber was nearly impossible . 
but then you never get to go into space . 
i believe that every detail of the house should be a reflection of the girls who live here . 
and then you do the ritual dances that empower the crosses . 
"with that information ,  even a child could identify him . "
what is the right amount of vinpocetine for me ? 
they say i shall have more courage and more luck to reach that place and find that person . 
"and they started slashing away at the back of the camels , "
that can really benefit the people is very important . 
"following my strong desire for uniqueness ,  and disallowed from choosing to be ambidextrous ,  i chose to write with my left hand . "
"as for bin laden ,  he is rarely heard from and is believed be hiding in pakistan . "
for example :  driving to work alone is uneconomical if you have a colleague who lives nearby . 
"the paper analyses the present situation and the malpractice of project cost control ,  puts forward the reform envisagement of cost control . "
"but he says the index is a valuable tool ,  giving governments an assessment of the quality of services provided to their citizens .  he says when he began looking at ways of re - investing the millions he made from his african company celltel ,  he recognized good governance as the top priority . "
itis many weeks now since you left . 
"few things are impossible in themselves ;  and it is often for want of will ,  rather than of means ,  that man fails to succeed . "
"think about the people in your life who are happy and successful and find out where  ( and if )  they went to college .  ask the same about famous people .  you will likely find that success in life has less to do with the choice of college than with the experiences and opportunities encountered while in college ,  coupled with personal qualities and traits . "
"if you ever think ,   "" ah ,  i want to end it all ,  "" "
"if you want to create your dream life ,  you have to move forward . "
"this year ' s entering class at wharton ,  moreover ,  is arguably its best ever -  -  at least as judged by average gmat scores .  the 725 average gmat score for the class of 2015 is a record and seven points higher than the previous year .  and unlike many other business schools ,  wharton has led the way by enrolling record percentages of women ,  higher than either harvard or stanford .  this year ,  42 %  of the entering class is made up of women . "
"he would be in no hurry ,  but one night strickland would get a knife  - thrust in his back ,  and in a day or two the corpse of a nameless beach - comber would be fished out of the dirty water of the harbour . "
"first and foremost ,  it clarifies regulatory authority over the listed companies by specifying that the csrc will retain jurisdiction . "
"take your whole life and please sum this up into six words ,  such as these here : "
this is worth 25 per cent of your grade . 
"i ' m not really sure if this is the right place for us ,  you know . "
blepharitis is the more common ophthalmological disease in clinic .  because the therapeutic efficacy blepharitis is unsatisfactory . 
the hall was so crowded that we could not even get within earshot of the speaker . 
"now ,  he will not know what could have happened . "
"of a book and a baby ,  and having this event happen so close  -  - "
"9 .  identifying the drought resistance at germinating ,  seedling and otherdevelopment stages ,  of twenty - nine maize cultivars popularly planted inliaoning province were examined such as dan 408 . "
"one historical curiosity of anime ,  condry notes ,  is that the dynamics making it successful emerged even prior to the commercialization of the internet and the rise of social media ,  which in theory should make mass collaboration ,  today ,  easier than ever . "
"in a lot a ways ,  rap serves the same social function"
it took me 36 hours of skiing around trying to find an airstrip  -  - 
"come on ,  you don ' t know who ' s in there . "
"i can ' t go through all of them ,  but i ' ll give you an example . "
and he goes to great lengths to protect the olive oil from oxygen and light . 
and she busts your balls  ' cause you ' re a little bitch . 
this may be achieved using momentary shared read locks and exclusive write locks . 
"the conference on development of cotton in mozambique is due to take place in march ,  with a view to ,  together with companies ,  producers and partners ,  look at the future of the mozambican cotton sub - sector ,  and other activities . "
already i was seeing the sense in his general argument . 
and there are a lot of different animals that can do this : 
tarski thought that a satisfactory definition of truth should satisfy two conditions :   ( 1 ) it is formally correct ;   ( 2 ) it is materially adequate . 
autopsy studies from people who died in car accidents
don ' t tickle me just because you have a limp sense of humor ! 
"keeping your back straight ,  push up with your arms until your arms are extended . "
"of public sector move to have already can make trade the one side that charge drops ,  also have can make trade charge  "" house is tall no less than ""  at the same time . "
" "" china does not have a mature paid tv environment ,  which forces most of the satellite channels to rely on advertising revenue ,  which is only influenced by audience ratings .  "" "
"they profess that they know god ;  but in works they deny him ,  being abominable ,  and disobedient ,  and unto every good work reprobate . "
"for the transnational corporations which invest in the economic region and build research and development center ,  the economic region will finance the center ' s expenditure of research and development of the year after examination and verification of administration commission ,  but the total amount can not exceed 50 %  of the value - added tax left in the region ,  which is delivered this manufacturer in the year . "
a state  -  a small state such as rhode island or connecticut has very few representatives because they have a small population . 
i made an attempt of my own life and i ended up in hospital . 
"kevin carter was born inapartheidsouth africa and grew up in a middle - class ,  whites - only neighborhood . "
"what was happening was a sickness ,  a cancer in society that could not be helped . "
"they had set up a big screen in their living room , "
delegates to the conference in sweden were told that about a quarter of the food were produced worldwide never reaches our plates . 
"in parallel with this ,  seymour papert got the governor of maine"
"counterpoise conversely card price rises ,  at the same time stock price falls ,  have earn ! "
he just got electrocuted in the pool ! 
his heart is linked with the hearts of the masses . 
i threw a stick of charcoal in the fire . 
"steven baxter ,  writing on the uk - based news website new statesman ,  agrees .  “this is taking invasion of privacy too far .  this is different from printing prince harry’s naked photos , ” he says ,  because the notoriously indiscreet prince “should have seen that one coming” . "
is it possible to go and do a - you - 
to think that we ' re the end product of evolution . 
"drink thiswhen you feel like you can ,  okay ? "
"according to the administration of work safety of luohu district ,  the woman was concentrating on her cellphone ,  so she didn ' t see the doors were closing . "
"so next tuesday ,  same time ,  same place ? "
"for which he actually received a macarthur fellowship award , "
"this library consisted of over 2×10 ~ 5 est clones , which covered over 4 times of about 50000 genes predicated in the maize genome . "
"on the windows of st .  nicholas ,  our 16th century church . "
and there ' s one solution that ' s probably only a few years off . 
"jam it up there in the stomach ,  and these bits right here hook the intestines . "
"and again ,  the price of that will be transparency . "
thousands of other investors do day trading from computers in their homes . 
"the system can be operated in many different air pollution locations ,  e . g .  ,  industrial plants ,  airports ,  crossroads ,  garbage - disposal sites ,  to determine passively the gas molecules concentrations of co ,  co2 ,  no ,  no2 ,  n2o ,  nh3 ,  ch4 ,  so2 ,  h2o ,  hcl and hcho in plumes . "
apologetics vindicates and justifies the bible ' s worldview with adequate reasons and evidences . 
"for tradeworx ,  of red bank ,  n . j .  ,  aug .  8 ,  was a good day ,  and the next day ,  when the dow rallied 4 %  ,  was even better . "
"to these students that were tracking us as well , "
"having opted out of the eurofighter project in 1985 ,  france ' s determination to go it alone in defence matters has led to the spectacle of two expensive european combat planes competing for the same big contract . "
"same with diatoms ,  which are shown right here ,  which are glasseous structures . "
"he ' s got you by the balls ,  you ' re outpointed . "
he can leave for the south pacific . 
objective :  to explore the development pattern of resistance in mus musculus to anticoagulant rodenticides . 
"and i think that what connects the challenge for civil society , "
wang fei :  an icebreaker is something you can do or some words you can say to make people feel relaxed . 
"with the phenomenal growth of web applications ,  in order to increase the serving ability of web servers ,  many kinds of web server architectures are proposed and implemented . "
but that was interesting in itself .  this is companies like vonage . 
"there are twenty - two generic top - level domain names currently available .  but get ready for many ,  many more . "
"this taxi ,  is the wedding gift for you"
do you know that you can use a watch as a compass on a sunny day ?  take a watch and point the hour  - hand in the direction of the sun . 
it is impossible to deliberate over every detail of conduct . 
"in contrast ,  scientists have found that algae can produce up to 4 , 000 gallons of biofuel per acre per year . "
any message to the people of flint ? 
"he kept talking ,  telling me why he was leaving ,  explaining it was for the best ,  i could do better ,  it was his fault and not mine . "
"the proposal was strongly condemned by anti - whaling governments at the meeting in panama city ,  from where richard black reports . "
you ' re listening to esl podcast ' s english café number 75 . 
"and it warms up ,  and it ' s none the worse for wear . "
sometimes i ' d be with mau on a cloud - covered night
conway was paying joyce to leave elmer alone . 
to be held as a vintage year for the premiership with three clubs all with a realistic chance of success stand in the competition right until the final two games . 
"which you don ' t need to because you have wood lots , "
"this is the  ' 58 bulgemobile :  so new ,  they make tomorrow look like yesterday . "
"this means that instead of riding the waves ,  as most ships do ,  she can penetrate them . "
these are the statistics of what would be the good places to go and stop . 
"that said ,  india has used dassault ' s mirage jets for many years ,  and last year signed a  $ 2 . 4 billion deal with dassault ,  thales and mbda ,  two other french defence firms ,  to upgrade its french planes . "
you ' re more fucked up than i am . 
"when investors want their money back ,  mutual funds have to pay up . "
colin :  you should listen to more music .  music can soothe the savage beast . 
the last two lines of this poem don ' t rhyme properly . 
"but for now ,  most participants are more interested in signs that wall street is back on track as a money  - making machine ,  whatever the legal and public  -  relations woes of some firms from past actions . "
"from the legal angle , the invalid patents have already lost the national legal protection ,  that is to say ,  the patent fail to obtain the protections of patent law ,  people can use gratuitously ,  however ,  this patent has not lost value ,  it is still the useful and can give economic benefits . "
"in my heart of hearts ,  i regret having done such a thing . "
"we haven ' t got much tea or coffee ,  and we haven ' t got any sugar or jam . "
you threw such a hissy fit about your stupid sunblock that i wanted to prove you wrong ! 
"the tough boy said to bill ,   "" if you come around here again ,  i ' ll beat up you . "
"language ,  on the other hand ,  has an intermediate level of entropy ; "
i ' m sorry you didn ' t see it too . 
that are kind of the looming heroes and heroines
"so he said ,   "" allison ,  we ' ve got to get you on the table . "
 ' cause i don ' t have to pay any taxes . 
"this is the big one ,  all right ? "
disseminated intravascular coagulation  ( dic )  is a major complication of various severe diseases . 
a value used to evaluate a procedure or subroutine . 
and my hope is that i ' ve made a few here tonight . 
"and for that ,  he needs his personal accountant . "
"the driver ,  a 40 - year - old sudanese national working for the embassy ,  was killed instantly . "
"i took it off to pump my gas ,  and i thought that i put it in my purse ,  but it must ' ve fallen out ,  and i ' m late for my flight and -  - "
because you look as much like carol burnett as you do al pacino . 
swans are very protective of their young and will use their incredibly powerful wings to fend off dogs  ( and sometimes humans )  . 
i ' m sure some of you who are not so young
why didn ' t we ever think of that ? 
"this new situation will allow free access to eu markets for mozambican sugar producers ,  a situation that has sparked takeover activity by multinationals who are interested in operating in the country . "
"a relative amount of data ,  usually larger than can be stored in the central processing unit of a computer at any one time . "
that means that teams have to be careful not to take in changes to their streams that might not release with them or before them . 
"ultimatums have come and gone here without incident .  this time according to the ukrainian side ,  a deadline has been set for tuesday morning . "
4 .  i want to do snowboarding  ( or other sports )  with him / her . 
a jamaican sprinter has taken a very short time to rewrite two cherished world records on the track .  the man with a name that fits his accomplishments . 
obviously they were given to her by the killer . 
"through administrative levels regression analyses of xinzageng no .  1 ' s many variables , we acquir the only equation of yield and three lower equations , bring forword the indexes of economic characters which the yield reach 750 kg per 666 . 7 m ~ 2 , and emphasize the linchpin of higher yield which is driving down the most seedlings . "
it ' s half past nine now .  i don ' t know this room . 
i cannot imagine how it has changed . 
what the hell kind of place is this ? 
"if the rumors are true ,  it would be apple ' s biggestdepartureyet from the vision of co - founder and ceo steve jobs ,  who died last year . "
"i went to hide in my bedroom ,  under the blankets , "
"he promised  "" more backbone ""  in diplomacy and  "" more loyalty ""  to allies like israel . "
"he calls you  "" sy the photo guy .  "" "
"there ' s a lot of other stuff here ,  but i don ' t have time . "
"one indication is the upward revision of the imf ' s forecasts since july :  world output is forecast to shrink  "" only ""  1 . 1 per cent this year and then grow 3 . 1 per cent next year .  this is 0 . 3 and 0 . 6 percentage points better than forecast in july . "
"however ,  most commercially collected ambergris came from the bahamas and providence island . "
"if we go to dinner with your boss ,  you are not to talk shop"
perhaps she was brainwashed the same way they just tried to brainwash him . 
"meanwhile ,  in california ,  we were trying to commercialize a lot of this stuff . "
how much trouble can i get in ? 
"say in your movements that you are present ,  instead of insisting that you are occupying her space . "
"if you can ' t listen actively ,  at least to the person you love ,  there ' s a problem . "
"i asked the mother how she kept track of their lively daughter .   "" i tie little bells on her shoes ,  ""  she said with a laugh . "
"we were all in bed together ,  metaphorically speaking ,  my breast ,  my chest ,  ramona ' s gift and me . "
"tokay gecko hangs upside down in at the academy of natural sciences in philadelphia ,  pennsylvania . "
"he represents cambridge university ,  the alma mater ,  where edward king and john milton had been students . "
i don ' t know what i ' m doing sometimes . 
objective to observe the effect of chondrocyte culture with natural ecm made from allogenous acellular cartilage . 
do you have a catalog with the price list ? 
the reproached coach unloaded the loaves to the approachable roadside . 
mr jobs absence for much of thekeynotewas noted by observers . 
"and the other one ,  he won ' t never stop yappin '  ! "
"bloat is sitting on the floor ,  working the banana peel into pajama lapel for a boutonni è re . "
and what these layers  -  -  that ' s what the surface used to be
"another 20 percent tried to show up at interviews unannounced ,  14 percent of them managed to persuade hrs to let them join . "
"besides ,  i gotta get back to work . "
i don ' t care if you were married 16 times
"love the rhinestone necklace ,  it give the simple style a little glamour . "
"the girls '  rate ,  24 .  56 %  was higher than that of boy ' s 12 . 61 %  ( p < 0 . 01 )  .  the infestation rate of beida private kindergarten children was higher than that of public kindergarten children .  above result indicates that the head louse is an important health problem in children . "
he argued that the agents had in fact acted for both newcastle and the players on the same deals . 
the school was very cooperative when we made a film there . 
sometimes you look like a younger brando . 
"what lessons could they teach us all ,  as we struggle to get ahead ? "
"after adjusting medication ,  doctors looked at three different ways of treating the patients . "
"what do you expect ,  the way your mother is ? "
"i mean ,  we ' ve got to walk before we can run ,  you know . "
i had 13 students when i first walked into the class . 
newspaper as good reading materials can widen our sight and richen our knowledge . 
even though the human brain had achieved its present size
"for example ,  if you accidentally checkin a gigabyte of mp3s alongside your c +  +  include files ,  obliterate is a justifiable choice . "
what i want to do is to show you that one can make a pair of glasses . 
i don ' t think it was a creepy coincidence . 
she is a company woman who has spent her entire career working for the carmaker . 
"okay ?  so i want you to think about that problem as we go on , "
carry on constructive work .  address parts of the problem you can address . 
"however ,  according to the oecd ,  that year will be an exception ,  and the organisation has set 1 . 6 percent as the average growth rate for the portuguese economy between 2010 and 2014 ,  compared with euro zone growth of 1 . 9 percent and 3 . 3 percent for spain . "
he received thousands of messages telling him not to quit . 
"tell her you think her dad is wise ,  or one of her kids is especially talented ,  or her close friend is fun to be with . "
all we have to do is pick the week . 
"it’s like you start in one place ,  and you travel around ,  and you finally come back to that same place because you don’t know where you’re going . "
the door burst open and in rushed the crowd . 
"and i went through a news agent ,  and i saw a magazine , "
we have very strong intuitions about all kinds of things  -  - 
that we ' ve been discovering in the past few years
you have your own special ring tone . 
"the bush  -  clinton houston tsunami fund will contribute up to  $ 1 million to the united nations '   "" adopt  -  an  -  island ""  program in the maldives . "
"are asking ,   "" okay ,  when are you developing a double - seater"
fast communications are the lifeblood of a successful enterprise . 
statistical data from the chinese authorities shows that bilateral trade between portugal and china in the first half of 2005 totaled us $ 908 million ( 768 . 3 million euros )  . 
"from that moment on ,  chu ,  in let ' s go watch the meteor shower ,  is on a love journey with handsome young tycoons .  and ,  envious female classmates and a forbidding mother are obstacles .  and the poor girl has to deal with an endless line of embedded goods ,  from milk tea to a fitness center . "
and was going to bring freedom to the people . 
"backstage is littered with wigs ,  glitter ,  and silicone accoutrements of varying colors ,  lengths ,  and girths .  it looks like a tornado passed through a sex toy shop . "
it is easy to fall into the trap of thinking that all time have to be booked up for some activity . 
i wanted to see how dressing biblically affected my mind . 
we hope to come down to london next week . 
frank bean is a turkey and apple farmer . 
made for each other .   -  .  .  . made for each other . 
"now ,  before it breaks ,  we reach a situation that the strain is no longer proportional to the stress . "
all are bowed beneath the equality of baptismal names . 
"ok ,  uh ,  you love elvis costello ,  you hate opera . "
"there ' s no beginning ,  there ' il be no end"
we ' ll soon see why goals are so important in addressing this issue . 
"that ' s one we ' re all searching for ,  to find out who i am . "
he secured a position in a store at us  $ 400 a week . 
"the internet giant aims to bring web access to remote areas of the world ,  which it says could help speed disaster relief or monitor environmental damage . "
the boys listened to my story with eager attention . 
the lc is only valid until april the eighth . 
"with the arrival of television ,  the faces of the stars became as familiar as those we saw across the breakfast table . "
and the second one is :  when can we eat the oysters ? 
and money issues can damage such a fragile butterfly as campus love . 
"if i had asked for directions ,  i wouldn ' t have gotten lost . "
"in this discussion with micah the wiry old captain tended to ignore his ineffective son ,  bromley . "
but for the past 1 00 years many comrades have fought and
"yes ,  or a rumbling subway or something . "
"a disaster recover system replica management scheme based on cluster servers is introduced in this paper ,  in which a consistency maintenance algorithm of multiple replicas and a replica selection algorithm are put forward and a mathematical model of quantity and distribution of replicas is set up . "
"how do you say  "" pizza ""  in ltalian ? "
"i really needed to say this right now ,  thanks for listening . "
"george daniels george daniels ,  master watchmaker ,  died on october 21st ,  aged 85"
one thing i particularly pride myself on was being able to solve issues of employee  /  supervisor mismatch . 
"where they ' ve taken out the part they burn now , "
"of course i dreamt i could keep him behind me over the distance ,  but we knew he would refuel later than me . "
here ' s a picture i took last tuesday  -  -  less than a week ago  -  - 
"i mean ,  didyou think i did a good job ? "
"these are chemical clocks ,  and they ' re found in every known being that has two or more cells and in some that only have one cell . "
"instead ,  tenants provide landlords with a deposit ,  typically between a quarter and half of the property ' s value ,  to invest for the duration of the lease . "
"in small hotels ,  bellmen handle room service and lobby cleaning along with their other duties . "
in terms of convincing them of the importance of wildlands . 
no one ' s looking to steal the show in this one because it ' s already the show stealer . 
"farmers began flooding lowlands near rivers to grow wet - adapted strains of rice around 5 , 00years ago in the south of china . "
"as the first person we ever showed on the outside , "
where the software can actually build its own hardware
you know what i would suggest when she doesn ' t have school ? 
"people have traditionally made things岸from doorknobs to scalpels to engine cylinders岸in one of two ways .  they start with a solid block or sheet of metal ,  wood or other material and cut ,  stamp ,  drill or shave it to create a desired shape .  or they use a mold made of metal or sand ,  pour liquefied plastic or metal into it and let it cool to create a metal casting or molded plastic part . "
"so that ' s the flap ,  and all the rest of the paper ' s left over . "
"so ,  i guess we need to find a bridge . "
would you be happy without anyone to share it with ? 
the example i ' ve got up here is a votes for deletion page . 
"in this article ,  i want to share with you a set of effective techniques on how to overcome shyness at a party or social get together . "
"qin reiterated china ' s commitment to opening up a credit line of some 800 million yuan to develop infrastructures in portuguese - speaking countries in africa and asia ,  as well as the aim of doubling trade between the two sides by 2009 and reach total trade of between us $ 40 and us $ 50 million . "
the compas 500 packer machine is one of the cigarette packing equipments of hong ta group . 
"it was one of those places that have paper over the tablecloths and when they bring you the menu ,  they also bring crayons so that you can draw or write poetry while you ' re waiting for your meal . "
no need to arrive an hour or two before your train departs . 
james joyce ' s  ` ulysses '  challenged the literary traditions of his day . 
"in this 1919 cartoon ,  uncle sam ,  busy working on the league of nations and peace treaties after wwi ,  has to break off as trouble flares again . "
and ruffshodd is out of the race ! 
like shanghai but most go to the squatter cities where aesthetics rule . 
"charles eames :  in india ,  those without ,  and the lowest in caste , "
"from job - seeking dads i interviewed ,  i gathered some tips from the front lines : "
"but it is this laid - back lifestyle that has attracted international attention .  at least ,  a quiet village within gaochun county has come under the spotlight .  yaxi village ,  population 20 , 000 ,  is about to be designated china ' s first  "" slow city ""  by cittaslow ,  the sustainable lifestyle movement that first surfaced in italy 11 years ago . "
"during current uncertainty ,  treasurys will continue to attract flight  -  to  -  quality buying . "
"this amount is part of unitel ' s investment plan for this year ,  which is expected to reach us $  250 million . "
republican candidates in the u . s .  presidential race debated economic policy and the war in iraq during a televised debate late thursday in the southern state of florida .  the candidates are striving for a lead ahead of the state ' s primary tuesday . 
he ' il be marching by in the parade . 
"sherif ali owes you his allegiance ,  my lord . "
"in 2006 brazilian companies sold meat to angola to the value of us $ 73 million ,  a year on year growth rate of 33 percent . "
criminal elements granted parole shall observe the following stipulations : 
"when it ' s this quiet ,  it ' s best to stay put"
so we want floriferous to target user crowd mug  - up tired go considering . 
scientists warned the likelihood of a big quake striking tokyo has increased since the huge turbulence tsunami in northern japan last march . 
"living with sneers and stares all through puberty ,  it was in the virtual world that zeng was hailed as a  "" beauty ""  for the first time in her life . "
if someone tried to steal the idea for zappos over a decade ago they would have probably said :  “let ' s set up an ecommerce shop for shoes . 
"nathaniel ,  the apartment is not the point . "
"sometimes these partial failures ,  if you like ,  of government bond sales do occur ,  but this one is regarded by a lot of people in the financial markets as being particularly unwelcome  -  partly i think a general spread of the anxiety about the whole euro area ,  spreading from first the smaller peripheral countries to some of the larger ones like italy ,  even france . "
"finally ,  the study shows that students are never too old to benefit from parents '  interest in them . "
women want to believe they are victims . 
"the technique of film separation makes the separation of the water ,  methanol and ethanol quite easy . "
their bodies piled in the mass graves of the killing fields . 
each day that passes i grow away from my true self .  every inch i take towards adulthood is a betrayal . 
"during measurement , the immersion period of the proin the molten steel should no exceed 8 second . "
and that is the health report from voa learning english .  i ' m milagros ardin . 
"that we kind of use the electronics of the internet ,  if you will , "
"i feel like they do tell you ,  but you don ' t listen .  .  .  or you think ,   "" ah ,  they ' re just miserable .  "" "
"the multi  -  colored flowers ,  as rainbow roses or happy roses ,  are the latest thing in quirky gifts . "
"a few days before the event ,  the archbishop of paris unleashed a missile :  the telethon is fine ,  he said ,  except when it raises money for the destruction of human embryos  ( ie ,  for stem  - cell research )  . "
"under questioning ,  spokesman mccormack said ms .  frazer would not return to kenya in the interim ,  but said the united states and other concerned countries are discussing  "" a couple ""  of other measures that might be taken to spur a kenyan settlement . "
a tiny electronic device with standardized dimensions  ( usually fabricated using semiconductor techniques )  capable of performing one or more functions in a circuit . 
"now ,  how would you test a personal fudge factor ? "
"since the advent of treatment in the middle of the 1990s , "
of parkinson ' s five to 10 years before it shows up clinically . 
"which is very strange ,  because it ' s school ,  in a way . "
"news on the net :  you can pass network news column eyes ,  understanding the andand latest news . "
wait in the council chambers until we return . 
"there are some reckless people ,  but it ' s not worth it ,  ok ? "
"“desperate measures” would be desperate means ,  desperate methods – ways of solving the problem . "
and apply these new materials to the environmental problems . 
"recent research into how the brain develops suggests that people are better equipped to make major life decisions in their late 20s than earlier in the decade .  the brain ,  once thought to be fully grown after puberty ,  is still evolving into its adult shape well into a person ' s third decade ,  pruning away unused connections and strengthening those that remain ,  scientists say . "
aim :  to observe the effect of grape seed proanthocyanidins on the mice with chemical hypoxia by measuring the survival time of mice . 
the cdl and the revolutionary committee are on our side . 
"though engineers like wernher von braun ,  who built the rockets for both germany’s second - world - war v2 project and america’s cold - war apollo project ,  sold their souls to the military establishment in order to pursue their dreams of space travel by the only means then available ,  most of them had their eyes on a higher prize . "
one of our ice cream parlors has invented the banana split . 
part of that accounting begins with captain bequette and his crew who locate the shallow spots that could endanger traffic . 
"a photograph of the yearbook page was uploaded on facebook by the girls '  friend ,  ashley vong ,  with the comment :   ' literally dying . "
"observe and compare the threshold of pain , the reablement of gait , the changes of inflamation cells , the changes of myeline sheath and collagenous fiber after using a kind of suppository that alleviates lumbago symptoms for twenty days . "
the system of multi  -  layers steel structure residence is still placed in the exploring stage . 
"in very gradual ,  complex ways ,  britain may prove to be ,  not the trojan horse of american influence which france has always feared ,  but ,  on the contrary ,  a counterpoise to the american tide . "
"you ' ll be working with many congenial people , and i ' m sure you ' ll find them capable and cooperative . "
mr huntsman warned the other candidates against what he called the toxic nature of some of their campaigning against mr romney . 
"and not just  "" things fall apart ,  ""  because that would be like saying , "
he was probably piling it on when he told us the story of that airplane crash . 
"i think it ' s best to wait a while .  .  .  until the intoxication wears off ,  don ' t you ? "
"in view of the fact that our country present legislation and the judicial present situation ,  entrust with attorney the legal responsibility right of immunity to have certain necessity and the urgency . "
two million years ago the human brain exploded in size . 
"then they take out the frame ,  shake off the remaining bees and take it to a warm room . "
"it took eight years of blood ,  sweat and tears to reach 350 employees , "
"except ,  funnily enough ,  for young owlets like you . "
"it ' s so easy ,  isn ' t it ?  of course ,  you all knew that . "
"like a lot of my ideas ,  like a lot of the tools i use , "
the fact that the speech was catastrophic  ( not one laugh )  made me feel bad for several weeks afterwards . 
"but then the show ' s creators noticed something unexpected :  it had a very loyal ,  if small ,  following .  fans were creating encyclopedias about the show and creating timelines of its events .  the show was given a new lease on life — and the studio producing it took notice of which elements had proven most popular with its audience .  given a new chance and some creative tweaks ,  the  "" gundam ""  shows became the basis of a sprawling series of cartoons ,  movies ,  comic books ,  video games ,  best - selling toys and more . "
retrospectives can be held at major milestones or at the end of release cycles . 
"despite the preceding ribbing ,  i do not want to be accused of piling on . "
the government doesn ' t care about you or your children or your rights or your welfare or your safety . 
colombo has witnessed numerous bombings targeting senior government officials and the military since the two sides resumed hostilities two years ago . 
"dr .  gillissen then headed to a lab where he and other max planck colleagues are assembling a roughly 2 - yard - long device known as the gravity machine ,  at a cost of almost  $ 27 million .  when finished ,  by the summer of 2014 ,  the machine will combine the light signals from vlt ' s four separate telescopes to provide far more accurate measurements . "
"over the past few years it ' s become common practice for airlines ,  including american airlines and delta air lines ,  to charge many passengers extra - up to an additional  $ 180 - for roomier seats  ( read :  extra three to six inches of legroom )  in coach .  these seats are often in the exit rows or first row in economy . "
joe blake and terry collins are down . 
"love affairs between the teenagers depicted in the story are considered as  "" misleading ""  to the young . "
"the real question is ,  how can markets be developed in rural africa"
"but there isn ' t a treatment for hepatitis  "" e .  "" "
i have a picture of grandpa and dad and me in my wallet . 
for the lord knoweth the way of the righteous :  but the way of the ungodly shall perish . 
how do you kill someone with an octopus ? 
could the air conditioner be switched on ? 
"the voice of kansas city ,  in the news . "
"some migraines had vertigo , and this vertigo had close relationship with migraine attack . "
this film is based on a novel by d  . h  . lawrence . 
"so this was an unprogrammed area where people could pretty much do anything , "
"preferably something that ' s regional ,  that ' s in your area ,  right  -  - "
it can be connected to the prime mover directly or with triangle belt .  the machine can run clockwise or anti -  clockwise and keep working under normal condition . 
"almost all here are nuer ,  the ethnic group of former vice president riek machar ,  whose split with president salva kiir ,  a dinka ,  ignited inter - ethnic killings across the country . "
"we are first and foremost social beings ,  none of whom has ever accomplished anything without the help of others . "
"more than 100 , 000 former combatants have been disarmed and myriad organisations run projects to reintegrate them into civilian life . "
"yes ,  there was a korean police officer"
"many commentators in china bemoan the outdated over - reliance on rote learning in chinese schools ,  and the general absence of learning about teamwork and innovation .  among the moneyed classes ,  this is often cited as one reason to pursue higher studies in the u . s . "
"ba :  the four places where you saw ,  that we ' ve never stopped  -  - "
"not the employer .   "" job seekers who spend their initial interview talking about why they need a job ,  how much they want some company benefit ,  etc .  instead of talking about how they will solve problems for the company and bring value are ensuring they will not be asked back for second interviews or hiring ,  ""  says karen southall watts ,  consultant ,  coach and speaker .   "" everyone is well aware of the fact that people need jobs .  hiring managers want to know why ,  of all the needy ,  worthy candidates ,  they should hire you .  "" "
"and between mac bundle box and branchr he ' s made around 1 . 2 million british pounds ,  which is close to  $ 2 million . "
i think you ' il get a kick out of next week ' s column . 
marked notes of quince jam and creamy honeyed flavours enlivened by a good level of acidity . 
"tough times don ' t last ,  but tough people do . "
"during the transformation of value - added tax ,  the different credit policy of input value - added tax when enterprises buy fixed assets will cause some financial indexes to change . "
"how many digits do you have ,  six or seven ? "
a ok .  dinner tomorrow night – i ' ll see you at six . 
"was it a savage ?  crusoe at crusoe at the footprint ,  full of fear . "
bring your lunch– do you go out to lunch every day ? 
"with xml ,  the white space in your document is not truncated . "
"hey ,  you wanna see some dead guys ? "
"the file of the nation that at population in whole world under the old age unavoidable big environment premise of trend ,  our country has also been joined "" old age mould ""  . "
"to write my name on ,  and address . "
there are so many wonderful memories tied up in this hotel .  .  .  that it ' s a great place to walk into . 
"i mean ,  i certainly enjoyed our talk . "
"there is no road on the earth ,  but many people made it . "
we ' re in the third month of our vulcan exile . 
he was shied away from personal revelations in interviews and writings . 
"normally ,  the spark plug ignites the mixture and the pressure from the resulting explosion pushes the piston down . "
" "" this operation is going to take some time to complete ,  and the enemy will try to fill the tv screens with violence .  but the ultimate result will be this :  terrorists and extremists in iraq will know they have no place in a free and democratic society ,  ""  he said . "
"several birds and nonhuman mammals ,  for instance ,  are much better problem solvers than others :  elephants ,  dolphins ,  parrots ,  crows . "
"the 40 - year - old ,  who won designer of the year at the 2011 british fashion awards just three years after launching her first collection ,  admitted that she sometimes has moments of  ' crazy self - doubt '  . "
"so ,  you can put those properties in .  it inspired them to show off"
they are not to be trifled with . 
"you may not believe it ,  but i think i met a man from the future . "
"likewise ,  she saw the necessity of killing a german woman captured by some of her maquis colleagues who admitted to being a spy . "
"come on ,  you ' re makin '  a scene . "
"the eiu report concluded by saying that“the government is not short of funds thanks to soaring gambling tax receipts ,  ”adding that“pressure and assistance from powerful tourism and gaming interests will see the infrastructure bottlenecks addressed ,  although macau is still likely to suffer significant growing pains over the coming years . ”"
but because it misses the thing that most students fail to understand
"unfortunately ,  african leaders have ignored the ocean for years and have only recently awakened to its importance thanks to the notoriety of somali piracy . "
"my wife andi ,  we were your biggest fans . "
two bananas with sri lanka and turkey .  they would be right half of the cases . 
"because what we ' re really asking is a genealogical problem , "
the escapees were cornered in grand central station . 
organic  -  inorganic  ( minerals )  controlled release material was used to modify urea release n fertilizers  -  modified urea . 
"which was my idea ,   -  which was her idea , "
that is utilized to handle the american wounded coming out of iraq . 
"miss stackpole looked at the pictures in perfect silence ,  committing herself to no opinion . "
is simply to demonstrate to you what my thought process was
"i think ,  here is that we have to be very concerned about their evolution , "
we owe your name and address to italian commercial bank who has informed us that you are in the market for ball  -  bearing . 
"take your time with each resume ,  as it is the first impression you make on the hiring manager . "
"take tencent ,  the  $ 145 billion company behind china ' s most popular app ,  wechat .  the south african media company naspers has a stake of about 35 %  ,  according to its website .  after that ,  chairman  "" pony ""  ma and a co - founder own about 16 %  of the company .  most of the rest of the equity is owned by people outside mainland china . "
the old man ranted that nobody paid any attention to his opinion . 
consider this :  you’re walking down a street and your spectacles take voice commands and direct you where you want to go . 
"i ' m sorry ,  but they got a right to know what happened to their son . "
"however ,  australia nearest neighbour ,  indonesia ,  has not joined the rush to expand its naval reach . "
"and then he said ,   "" but i don ' t believe that you can do this .  ""  so i said ,   "" ok .  "" "
they go to school all day and attend cram schools at night . 
the cost of the whole work was below two thousand dollars . 
this paper is a part of the research on sino  -  occidental religious thoughts . 
"the agreement is the result of a memorandum of understanding signed on 18 may of last year ,  by the two companies to study the feasibility of joint implementation of projects for production ,  sale and distribution of biodiesel in the brazilian ,  portuguese and international markets . "
the macau government ' s budget for 2009 is estimated at 44 . 71 billion patacas ( us $ 5 . 58 billion )  . 
"according to a bolivian diplomat ,  their delegation agreed to participate in a side -  meeting on condition that no plenary meeting took place at the same time . "
"as far as the content is concerned , on the premise of noticing the specifi charateristics of the descendant , how to protect their benefit is investigated . "
and what he really wanted was something by vermeer . 
"“by debating ,  students learn the truth about society and the right social and personal values . ”"
"elsewhere ,  another chair holds court .  oozing  ' mad men '  chic ,  the classic eames chair has been all over metro new york ,  including the office of an upper west side townhouse listed for about  $ 3 . 7 million .  in november ,  the black - leather status symbol helped sell a condo in gramercy for roughly  $ 2 . 3 million .  another appearance ,  in a 1920s manor in mount kisco ,  n .  y .  ,  helped seal the deal on a long - term lease . "
"and they bring unto him one that was deaf ,  and had an impediment in his speech ;  and they beseech him to put his hand upon him . "
the ambitious manager will sail into the new project with vigor . 
and it turned out to be quite fun in two ways . 
he only receives this when it is going to enter the circus ring . 
"as a gene bank to keep all that material alive , "
"the martini ' s star faded in the late 1960s and  ' 70s withoppositionto expense account dining rising ,  health food stores gaining on liquor stores and the popularity of other mind - altering substances . "
"these are people you meet once ,  have a great time with or are awe  - struck by ,  and then never see again . "
"now ,  let me be clear about what i ' m not saying .  i ' m not saying"
questions vary wildly from the political and the literary to the intimately personal — the magazine features one annoyed girlfriend asking her beau when he’s finally going to marry her . 
"like any other annoying fact of life ,  you let it drive you crazy or you deal with it . "
"i said ,   "" well ,  tell him that i was asked"
"this beijing international marathon match men ' s team ' s championship ,  is won by kenyan 29 year  -  old benjamin . "
they say there is nothing that you cannot paint . 
"with the growing development in network information technology ,  especially in the combination of "" three in one "" of telecommunication network ,  cable tv network and internet ,  the high speed ,  interactive and multi - media broadband network is gradually becoming the backbone in communication media .  in this general trend ,  current various of independent media will go to merge into a comprehensive transmedia platform ,  which will combine all kinds of communication media with its core at broadband network information service . "
i would love a chagall .  i love the work of chagall . 
i used to see three films a week in the golden days when cinemas were flourishing . 
"“i don’t have other tasks to finish first , ” shen admitted .  “i just have no appetite for work until it becomes urgent . ”"
" "" the reasons for our abstention ,  i made clear in our statement ,  have to do with one paragraph that would send the wrong signal at a very important time when we are trying to eliminate the climate of impunity to deal with justice and address crimes in darfur by suggesting there might be a way out .  there is no compromise on the issue of justice .  the climate of impunity has gone on too long ,  ""  he said . "
so what was once the special little side treat
"peoplegravitateto musicians ,  because there ' s something inherently welcoming and fun about music . "
do not be distracted by beautiful celebrities . 
"so if you put it in the front door ,  your design fails . "
every room smelled of pine ;  the entire house was adorned with thistle ;  garlands wound around every banister .  we sat on her grand staircase and spied on the holiday dancing below . 
"he fights bad guys ,  and helps the poor . "
"so ,  essentially what we ' re seeing is the emergence of a fourth transactional"
"but before i get started ,  i have a quick question for the audience . "
the advantage of this is that he does not need to put his gun down to rescue his comrades . 
dantès raised his eyes to heaven and clasped his hands beneath the coverlet . 
why does she always want to drag up a subject that makes her act like a human hosepipe ? 
"not everything is as it seems ,  michael . "
"a delegation from macau ,  headed by the secretary for the economy and finance ,  tam pak yuen ,  was in geneva ,  switzerland ,  at the beginning of may to take part in meetings with the wto . "
i should be able to take the mountain road . 
suppose a database that resides on a storage area network  ( san )  storage array exhibits poor performance every time a certain query is run against it . 
we ' re gonna get bumped from first class . 
instead of saying sorry  -  we knew it was an accidental shot  -  they shot some more . 
"what a party it was :  on august 20 ,  1945 ,  five days after japan ' s surrender in the second world war ,  300 japanese officers relaxed in the lobby of singapore ' s raffles hotel .  then ,  when evening rolled around ,  each pulled his ceremonial sword from its scabbard and literally fell on it .  the raffles was served as an administration center for the japanese occupation of singapore during the war . "
but they can never obliterate our culture
"we have a box set of the dvd series  "" 24 ,  "" "
"good evening ,  everyone .  good evening and welcome to the benjamin franklin room here in the state department .  i am delighted that secretary geithner and i have the great privilege of once again hosting the third strategic and economic dialogue here in washington .  a few weeks ago in this very room ,  i had the privilege of sitting and talking with dr .  henry kissinger ,  my esteemed predecessor and a good friend to many of us here .  he spoke of the early days of the u .  s .  - china diplomatic relationship going back 40 years now .  and he discussed many of the challenges that his generation of diplomats on both sides had to overcome . "
"zhang ,  who spoke at an industrial forum in tayuan ,  capital of the province of shanxi ,  in the north of china ,  said that oil imports cost the country us $  32 billion . "
"in response ,  opponents argued that it would be foolish to slash the structural deficit if this led to a deeper recession and so to an offsetting rise in the cyclical deficit . "
"after the evening meal ,  all the kaos gathered in the family hall .  everyone wore new clothes . "
"let ' s see what they ' re working with ,  people . "
as real as the water that almost drowned me . 
i think it ' s the proceedings of the national academy of science
objective to introduce the application modified mobergs flap to avoid ischemic necrosis of the dorsal skin of the distal finger and to obtain cosmetic contour of the terminal pulp after operation . 
do you think because i ' m poor and abscure and plain that i ' m soulless and heartless ? 
so i decided to create my own in public places . 
both democratic contenders also campaign against one another with an eye toward the general election . 
"however ,  choosing a club related to your studies or career plans is not all negative . "
the military alliance that faced down the red army might have been expected to crush the clumsy forces of colonel qaddafi in days . 
we realize we don ' t know what the heck it means
the scariest thing about distance is that you are not sure if the person would either miss you or forget you . 
"women ,  beware of loose  - fitting frocks and baggy shirts ! "
"anakin continued his pursuit on foot ,  aided by clone troopers . "
"the algorithms of clipping ,  intersection and translation are also given when the fault demarcation line crosses the path of a borehole or an adit . "
"that provides an opportunity forintimacyand romantic feelings to develop , ” says professor elizabeth morgan from the study . "
lucian will always be the first of the breed . 
"as a result ,  they try to avoid eating these foods ,  and consequently ,  they become weaker and less healthy . "
the closingof the historic fisher one plant . 
the latest two - day meeting took place in baghdad last month .  there was very little progress . 
and it also charged us with thinking about how to have
"so the further away my right hand gets ,  the louder it gets . "
"last may indonesia’s president ,  susilo bambang yudhoyono ,  announced a two - year moratorium on commercial deforestation starting on january 1st this year . "
"with people who understood ,  because they were going through it too . "
wife :  no !  i don ' t want it because your chopstick touch it . 
"yeah ,  frabjous being the dayyou slay the jabberwocky . "
"mercifully for his mum ,  there ' s a reason for chezdan ' s use of the past tense . "
"one man may steal a horse ,  while another may not look over a hedge . "
"explain that a person might enjoy the taste or smell of something sometimes ,  but not all the time . "
we can talk about that when i ' m dead . 
"results the predominant bacteria tested by lat were streptococcus pneumoniae ( 20 . 0 %  )  , b haemophilus influenzae ( 15 . 4 %  )  , and neisseria meningitis  (  ( 7 . 7 %  )  )  . "
1 .  [ formal ]  to quiver from cold ;  2 . to cringe in fear3 . timid and trembling
"this supporting system has many advantages ,  for example the construction is convenient ,  the construction time is short ,  and the cost of the engineering is small . "
according to professor morgan they are missing out on prime light to prevent myopia . 
what ' s with bringing us in here ? 
see you after the two of us ! 
conclusion alteration s in phosphate metabolism are central to the refeeding syndrome . 
how the hell did you have any kids with all the penises you ' ve blown ? 
and i wake to findthat you ' re not there ? 
it was painful to admit that i was wrong . 
but republicans in congress say they will have little if any impact budget committee . 
"surmounting hostility from opponents and even some dodger teammates ,  he weathered the immense pressure with dignity and restraint ,  and he proved to be a superb ballplayer . "
"saito will never make it ,  will he ? "
let ' s go and play in my bedroom . 
"let me know if anyone bothers you , "
"but ,  you know ,  the teacher was actually reflecting the conclusion of the scientific establishment of that time . "
"montel answers phan’s question by saying ,  “again ,  you make contacts . ”"
net friend auto heterodyne photograph that you definitely had looked at ! 
"so ,  “me too” is the much more commonly way of saying ,  “i am also , ” or “i am as well . ”"
" "" look ,  i ' m proposing that i come and advise you on the diplomacy . "
supporters of the tpp are seeking to prevent congress from making changes to any agreement reached at the trade talks . 
"as part of an ongoing study on genes and aging ,  researchers found this year that certain personality traits seem to be associated with a longer life ,  including thepropensityto laugh  -  -  a lot ! "
a cliché is a phrase or an expression or opinion that is used too much  -  that is overused  -  and using it shows or demonstrates that you don ' t have very original thinking or an original thought . 
and we click on the link and bing  -  -  there ' ll be another hypertext page . 
"by the same token ,  the cost of hiring some kinds of drilling rigs is falling . "
then i ' m in beijing on friday .  you work that one out . 
"the colloquium aims to provide information about the chinese economy and the country ' s economic and trade policies ,  to the delegations from portuguese - speaking countries that are taking part in other to encourage cooperation between china and their respective countries . "
"the chromosome karyotype of tibetan mastiff in qinghai province was studied by methods of peripheral blood lymphocytes culture and conventional chromosome analysis technique the results showed that the diploid chromosome number of tibetan mastiff was 2n = 78 and the chromosome to arm number was nf = 80 the diploid chromosomes were classificated into 39 pairs based on the types of chromosomes ,  and except sex chromosome x and y being metacentric chromosomes ,  the others 38 pairs were all acrocentric chromosomes"
"the dogs were all rescued by the society for the prevention of cruelty to animals in auckland ,  new zealand .  the charity came up with the idea to train them to drive to prove how intelligent they were . "
"and you can sort of scribble it ,  if you like  -  - "
"charlize theron gain her challenging role in  "" young adult ,  ""  a blackcomedywritten by reitman ' s  "" juno "" collaboratordiablo cody . "
official figures released in the united states show that more jobs were created in july than the any previous five months . 
article 54 the purchase and use by peasants of production materials directly used for agricultural purposes shall be handled with reference to this law . 
do count me in for the barbecue this weekend . 
"the manifest system is incorporated into section 3003 ,  which requires standards for transporters . "
the magazine has become just a portal to a synergized worid of cross - promotion . 
but the atoms in the hand could all just happen to move
"as long as he has a yacht ,  a private railroad car and his own toothpaste . "
"dongpeng dreamer ` s ardesie is the high grade product basing on profund thought , return the naturewith the originality from the legend of gowith the essence of the earth and sky and the nimbus of the sun and the moon , and shows natural enjoyment and dense artistic culture atmosphere from returning the nature . "
i ' il see you when i wake up . 
"he is suspected of having been an accomplice in the slaying ,  butthey can ' t pin it on him . "
i know more than you think i know . 
digestion he can only eat the food that is easy of digestion . 
"the nano hybrid pi films is a new kind nano composite ,  which has a broad prospect . "
you two are going from bad to worse ! 
"one ,  two ,  three ,  four  -  -  to each yell out a two - digit number , "
"so i ' m very sorry to hear about your divorce ,  by the way . "
it showed the loop air dome of the sn - 1 - 130 asd was satisfactory of the air field of asd . 
"but there are also specific factors at work .  much of britain ' s stock market ,  particularly but not solely at the blue chip end ,  is made up of companies with big overseas interests . "
"the surgeries ranged from those for serious problems ,  like open heart surgery ,  to more routine ones ,  like putting in ear tubes or removing adenoids and tonsils . "
"i only eat twice per day ,  never late snacks . "
"as it happens ,  tesco routinely collects such information from holders of its clubcard loyalty card . "
"most communities have a area of forests ,  but very limited management and benefit from it . "
"in order to meet rapid development of next generation intertnet  ( ngi )  ,  the revolutionary routing schemes which can finish routing work on more than one dimensionality are in dire need of . "
"he ' ll supply the skill if you put up 80 ,  000 dollars capital . "
his speech was an reflection of the public mood . 
"i have informed my party leaders that i am determined to relinquish all my positions ,  as a selangor state exco member as well as the state assemblywoman for bukit lanjan . "
it ' s the only thing you can do . 
the results hinted basis of durative effect of using steroid treatment migraine in clinic . 
looks like it was a case of mistaken identity . 
egypt is launching a first large industrial zone  -  - 
"after all this buildup ,  the kids are finally getting married . "
"in the united states ,  november 11 was armistice day until 1953 ,  when the observance was expanded to include all veterans of wars ,  not just those who died in world war i . "
clerk :  with pleasure .  what can i do for you ? 
the school is holding a fête to raise funds for the roof ; 
i mean  -  -  how many people have an iphone on them right now ? 
i have seduced party members of both sexes .  .  . 
even patients who could afford other treatment options come to jaipur foot because of its reputation for quality . 
and i ' il be handsomely rewarded for my shares . 
"today ,  the significance of these sculptures is largely unknown . "
first lady michelle obama later this month will travel to china in her third solo international trip since moving into the white house . 
"do not get drunk on wine ,  which leads to debauchery .  instead ,  be filled with the spirit . "
"have you ever woken up in a fleabag motel covered in your own vomit ,  next to a transsexual prostitute ? "
the cuban spy released by the united states on thursday has received a hero ' s welcome after returning to the communist island . 
"the remaining 24 million euros would finance the construction of new water supply networks in chimoio ,  manica and gondola . "
"if you think you ' ve got an estimate for how many digits , "
is that what you medically need to know ? 
description :  the beijing big band plays authentic big band era music in a genuine vintage style . 
"each concordia is completely independent and has its own president ,  faculty ,  and board of regents . "
"for those of you in the back ,  it says here :   "" then a miracle occurs . "
i think we can get home on this thing
the average chinese was richer than the average north american . 
that the force that causes the apple to fall to the ground
"i want to ,  i want to ask you something . "
"sonya kept house ,  waited on her aunt ,  read aloud to her ,  bore with her caprices and her secret dislike ,  and helped nikolay to conceal from the old countess their poverty -  stricken position . "
"indeed ,  it appears that homo heidelbergensis already had the gift of the gab 600 ,  000 years ago when they first appeared in europe .  fossilised remains show they had lost a balloon - like organ connected to the voice box that allows other primates to produce loud ,  booming noises to impress their opponents .   "" that ' s a big disadvantage - we can ' t have lost them for nothing ,  ""  says bart de boer at the university of amsterdam in the netherlands .  his models suggest that air sacs would blur differences between vowels ,  making it hard to form distinct words . "
"with anxiety ,  despair ,  desperation ,  that kind of thing . "
here ' s an example of a symbol that was predicted . 
"for then will i turn to the people a pure language ,  that they may all call upon the name of the lord ,  to serve him with one consent . "
this article analyzes the problem about making segments crossing any point of a triangle to bisect the area of the triangle . 
"despite having to call off protests in the face of the government crackdown ,  karroubi said he believed the green movement had not been defeated . "
she says the mama program sends messages to mobile phones to educate women about their health . 
"i want to know where she goes ,  who she sees ,  what she says . "
"native white lakians cannot be considered people ,  you know ,  mine or anyone else ' s . "
calico and mull :  calico and mull are used for testing either a part or the whole of a pattern .  this is then referred to as a toile . 
but look what happened at 10 : 06 after we removed this pig ' s medication
he always had a rotten sense of humor . 
i ' d say he ' s a pretty lucky guy . 
cutting down the cost of technology adoption and raising economic effects . 
"ok ,  what are you selling tonight ?  the micro hibachis or the ginsu knives ? "
"will there be a single portal server from which all information will be served ,  or will you set up several different portal environments which users will switch to for different needs . "
"you ' re saying one thing ,  but you mean another . "
the machine is specially designed for winding films of plastic on mental board in cmc3 series socket dense insulated bus bar groove . 
more british shoppers are avoiding the holiday rush and buying their christmas presents on  -  line . 
"the 2007 state budget ,  presented last thursday to lawmakers in luanda ,  predicts oil production next year will total 736 . 7 million barrels at an average price per barrel of us $  45 . "
"however ,  the approach used in this article is to treat each letter in a word as a vector . "
gaetan lafortune is with the organization for economic cooperation and development in paris . 
" "" it suggests that you can use this kind of optical illusion that artists and fashion designers use all the time to tap into our basic sensory psychology .  "" "
one or two nights she phoned and i had to bail her out of jail for drunkenness and fighting . 
study on dogwood extract finger print and its different effective parts serum finger print
"in fact ,  we had lunch at the ivy . "
i ' il do it right when i get home . 
"there ' s an interesting discussion in the blogosphere about whether the  "" 2 and 20 ""  formula makes investment managers lazy . "
"very often it ' s months  -  -  and in many cases ,  years  -  - "
"i ' il think of a way ,  to get him back for you . "
"recently celebrated their ninth wedding anniversary ,  royal couple prince charles and camilla ,  the duchess of cornwall is allegedly going to have a divorce by the queen ' s order .  prince charles was told by queen elizabeth to go ahead with the divorce and to stop pacifying his alcoholic wife ,  according to the july 14th print edition of globe magazine . "
so i returned the portfolio to the ocean beach address that you sent it from . 
in this paper the deferential equation and the elastic boundary conditions of a circular plate are established supposing the system is linear and axial symmetry . 
"mice and humans are physiologically alike ,  so a similar effect might be expected for people ,  but the fact that mice are nocturnal and humans diurnal is a serious complicating factor . "
"and if you go up there and look back ,  then you ' ll get a sense of"
i have been on good terms with li yan and i look on him as my closest friend . 
but we ' il never agree on this point . 
an audit event is generated whenever something happens that is of significance to the business process . 
"above ,  an iraqi boy stands next to a u . s .  soldier on june 10 ,  2010 ,  in abu gharmah ,  diyala province ,  iraq . "
"in a regular movie theater in center city ,  philadelphia . "
"strictly speaking ,  the evidence so far indicates only one other murderer . "
"we can go for a walk ,  if you feel so inclined . "
"we took him out to the kennedy space center , "
"of course ,  a lot of people said ,   "" maybe they dance better than they play .  "" "
"are we so different ,  you and l ? "
"like all the best disaster movies ,  it ' s funniest at its hysterical . "
"uss kelvin ,  go for starfleet base . "
" "" only the king of qin can stop the chaos"
upper is wear - resistant and crinkle resistant cowhide . unique design of laser carve . lining is anti - bacteria and anti - odor . 
nato secretary - general jaap de hoop scheffer said wednesday the russian steps undermine georgian sovereignty and urged moscow to reverse them . 
"a couple of years ago ,  where the writer wrote ,   "" the indian life"
i don ' t like history .  qing dynasty makes me sad .  it ' s history of flesh and blood ．
"it needs to be rocket - powered or one of these things , "
"city will be buying from the next shelf down in terms of talent ,  looking at players like udinese ' s alexis sánchez in any summer trolley dash . "
"and i saw you sitting here and i said ,   "" hey ,  why not reach out and touch someone ?  "" "
"methods : combine the analysis numbers of specimens consult the filtering method of microscope checks on the specimens of the clinical library in the medical department in romelinda university in america , and according to whether they correspond the below conditions to divide the results of 1 , 000 specimens by the analysis instrument into 4 groups . "
do you have all your meals in the dining  -  room ? 
people pay too much attention to the direct cost of bail - outs . 
the huge success of iphone and ipad seem to be behind the new trend - babycenter describes the youngsters as  ' ibabies '  . 
it ' s a bit of an odd morning here . 
"and as i rotate it against this side shot ,  you ' ll see that that has cylinder , "
always select the people you want to network with . 
"if you ' re planning on getting eaten ,  i ' d definitely go with the gronckle . "
jerk !  back -  off your car .  you are blocking the street . 
"if i know hector ,  the only thing virgin round here is the olive oil . "
"roger ebert :  these are my words ,  but this is not my voice . "
"instead ,  they sent the money .  .  .  to the unemployed cotton pickers in mississippi . "
"man ,  that shit don ' t mean nothing to me ,  man ! "
he was in the full bloom of luxurious contentment . 
how much do i have to like him ? 
"no worries ,  i ' m going in two days . "
you do know what ' s gonna happen if those two jerks enter that church . 
"yet had he looked closer ,  the guard would have noticed something strange :  the men were sweating and ashen  -  faced with fear . "
"yet hope ,  hope for the future ,  is very much a part of the american character ,   "" he said . "
"for now ,  according to parsons ,  the reserves found in the structure tested in the first exploratory well ( obo - 1 )  and in bloc 1 , “are not enough to justify economic development on their own . ”"
"mr edwards said a blood - stained shawlgetword  (  "" shawl ""  )  ;  found by the body of catherine eddowes who was one of the ripper ' s victims he bought in 2007 after an auctiongetword  (  "" auction ""  )  ;  in bury st edmunds ,  suffolk ,  held vital dna evidence which led him to the killer .  he used pioneering techniques to find dna from her blood and that of the killer . "
"can all line changeover any ,  be performed within the quoted tooling capacity requirements ? "
"because he works very carefully ,  he has not produced a reject in the last six years . "
"the girlfriend coat was invented by students at the university of tsukuba ,  and it is not commercially available to buy . "
whenever i hear about some star kid . 
and he wasn ' t doing that .  he was scribbling with chalk on the pavement . 
"but getting hitched at a younger age tends to be a good career move for men ,  perhaps because married men ' are more sure of themselves compared to single men ,  '  leading to more productivity ,  suggests business insider . "
"other ecaussine and other calcareous monumental or building stone ;  alabaster ,  merely cut ,  by sawing or otherwise ,  into blocks or slabs of a rectangular  ( including square )  shape . "
and he gave me a paper that he had written on this . 
i ' m pleased to inform you that li cunxin has decided to return home to china . 
can you get a bellboy to retrieve my bags from my room ? 
"it cuts a clean cylinder of rock ,  from which can be seen the strata the drill has been cutting through . "
he has a plan for us all . 
do i look like a mocha latte to you ?  ! 
in the life her thoughts were on lunch and a good rest ; 
how are you going to do it ? 
so what are you going to do ? 
all things in their being are good for something . 
"to cincinnati in my own special way , "
"after two unsuccessful attempts at rectangular mazes on some graph paper that cobb quickly and easily solves with a pencil ,  ariadne turns the paper over and draws a spiral design on the blank page . "
"who he ' s screwing ,  who ' s his mother ,  everything . "
"waiting her chance ,  the girl nipped in front of an old woman . "
"my mom bought me these heels ,  but they ' re killing my feet . "
"fuzhou ,  china ,  18 june–macau and the chinese province of fujian are to organize a joint event with the european union ( eu )  to attract business to their region ,  the head of the macau government ,  edmund ho said during a visit to fuzhou saturday . "
we are already doing the groundwork for the introduction of the scheme next year . 
does the repository have a newer version than the last one retrieved ? 
" "" the moves must be very precise .  no matter from which angle you look ,  there should always be uniformity ,  so that the formation looks like a steel panel .  "" "
non  -  identical twins are more common in large and tall women than in small women . 
where are the landscapes where all of that stuff ends up ? 
"first ,  we should take the reform of state - owned enterprizes as the pivotal point in economic restructuring ,  and strike to change their operating mechenism with the establishement of a modern enterprize system as our orientation . "
"the extravagance and general profligacy which he scrupled not to lay to mr .  wickham ' s charge ,  exceedingly shocked her ;  the more so ,  as she could bring no proof of its injustice . "
"in the intervening cycles ,  the company tends to keep the phone ' s exterior the same ,  but change the innards and the software . "
we offer only happiness and good greetings . 
maybe i could find out about joe . 
"that kiss  -  ass became a manager in two years ,  but he ' s incompetent . "
"i ' m serious ,  you should really read it . "
to mainstream media .  it ' s a very challenging idea to anyone
there  -  for the non  -  linearity of boundary condition in fem of 3 d sheet metal stamping is resolved . 
"i get  -  -  i ' m often asked ,  you know ,  for me , "
something you wouldn ' t do in most north indian rivers . 
"filmed without lights ,  so as not to upset the young seal pups ,  the clip captures the curious creatures as they play in their natural habitat  -  cosying up to the divers without a care in the world . "
"model of a living cell ,  and if you consider"
"apply medium  -  hold styling gel ,  then lift your roots with a brush as you blow  - dry . "
"sometimes we call the feet of animals “paws , ” such as with a dog or a cat . "
"yeah ,  and i met zooey the very next day . "
"“multi -  tasking is a moral weakness ” ,  is of course all in fun . "
"people simply work better when they get more sleep .  even the ones who somehow manage on just a few hours a night are either headed for a crash ,  or are simply doing lower - quality work . "
"trail has important significance in regulating tumor occurrence and apoptosis ,  natural immunity , virus infection ,  self - stabilization mechanism and so on . "
then we might be able to prevent that resistance from ever happening . 
"and my wife didn ' t like these ,  because they mold ,  so i had to stop that . "
they know he ' s working for us ? 
soon enough the bird will be ours again . 
"employees who have been on the receiving end of workplace incivility say it was a major factor in their decision to seek work elsewhere .  a july survey of 1 ,  000 people from public - relations firm weber shandwick found that 26 %  of respondents had quit a job because of an uncivil workplace . "
wall shear stress and pressure distribution of spiral flow in pressure crevice
the lava is so hot it continues to burn underwater for some time . 
"try to find peace with this ,  lieutenant . "
"the muslim brotherhood ,  backers of president mohamed morsi ,  claimed victory in saturday ' s vote ,  saying unofficial tallies showed 56 percent approval of the draft constitution . "
"where animals are not only bouncing up and down , "
the u . s .  secretary says the united states will increase the number of helicopters flying relief missions to areas impossible to reach because roads and bridges and most infrastructures have been wiped out by the tsunami . 
professor si nei pu still once a while looked for harley ' s trouble . 
"eh ,  if— if they were bigger ,  you could eat . "
"however ,  the electrical network environment pollution brings certain difficulties to the reliable communication . "
editors admit it won ' t be entirely foolproof  -  mischief  -  makers could set up bogus accounts  -  but they think it will weed out most racist and other anti -  social opinions . 
i wanted to show you the last project we are working on . 
it took about three hours to get up there  -  - 
celebrating small successes on the way to difficult goals can help us to achieve them . 
ted kennedy asked voters in massachusetts whether he should resign from the senate . 
"i ' ve been testing the new google maps on iphone for a week or so in the san francisco and washington metro areas ,  and i really like it .  it isn ' t perfect ,  but i prefer it to any other iphone maps app i ' ve used ,  and to google maps on android .  the latter will likely also gain the new design in time ,  but for now ,  it looks inelegant by comparison . "
"the eruption of lymphocyte recovery occurs 1 to 4 weeks after marrow ablative antineoplastic chemotherapy ,  coinciding with the return of lymphocytes to the peripheral circulation and skin . "
"of course ,  they ' re not really sick ,  they ' re just trying to send a message  -  trying to let the management know that they are not happy . "
and so you see a net force away from the sun . 
this sniper business has been dragging on too long . 
"then again ,  since my folks are a couple of paranoid shut - ins like me ,  maybe this girl could bring me home to her folks . "
i want to make sure there ' s no one there . 
"mr lopez obrador has called for a complete recount of the votes ,  saying the elections were  ' unequal and dirty '  . "
"we want to produce a comprehensive group of people ,  students , "
b :  i make up my mind to be a teacher . 
"to see a very great actor to do a version of  "" king lear ,  "" "
that ' s what i ' d do if i was him . 
"every actor ought to know his lines backwards before he goes on stage ,  as nervousness may make him forgetful . "
my name is mind your own fucking business . 
"reducing the burden of planning and assessment on teachers would help reduce the workload of school staff ,  blower said . "
the steel pipelines buried in soil expose to extremely electrochemical corrosion . 
the only question time is how quickly the strain will emerge . 
the government did not reveal a financial basis for the proposals . 
"several thousand species of chinese plants are now cultivated throughout the world ,  including short  -  grain rice ,  tea ,  soybeans ,  oranges ,  cucumber ,  lemons ,  peaches ,  apricots ,  ginger ,  anise ,  and ginseng . "
"it has volcanoes on it .  and that ' s mount olympus on mars , "
china should have been included in your plan . 
"post  -  moderation recessions haven ' t been deliberately engineered by the fed ,  they just happen when credit bubbles or other things get out of hand . "
"to such a task we can dedicate our lives and our fortunes , everything that we are and everything that we have ( woodrow wilson . "
"we take a trip to the grocery store  -  the store where you buy food ,  sometimes called a supermarket ,  and we are at the checkout stand  -  the place where you pay . "
"stephen hawking ,  one of the world’s smartest physicists ,  once said :  “i’m obsessed by time . "
"in all likelihood ,  you will have to decide — bomb or deter —quite soon . "
all my work was saved on this computer . 
"his designs are bold contemporary solutions ,  yet tap into the memory and history of place .  i am sometimes troubled by what i see being built in cities like beijing ,  shanghai ,  and elsewhere in china ,  where it’s a foreign architect’s playground . "
"we are a country with of law ,  there .  there are contracts ,  the .  the government can ' t cannot just avergate abrogate contracts .  every legal step possible to limit those bonuses is being taken . "
but the problem with some of them is that they ' re not scientific enough . 
i ' m obligated to file a report if i feel there ' s been prisoner misconduct . 
after about six hours the pipelines peter out .  the dense jungle scenery has not changed – although i notice the little wooden roadside homes have potted azaleas outside . 
"monica :  you actually broke her watch ?  wow !  the worst thing i ever did was ,  i - i shredded by boyfriend ' s favorite bath towel . "
"with you ,  i feel that i can trust again"
"however ,  the theory and the practice of distributed gis need further improvement in virtue of problems brought by the spatial data . "
"for example ,  closing a design phase requires customer acceptance of the design document . "
"optical intensity modulation function of the fiber optic microphone can be got by using imaging principle .  according to the oscillation theory of membrane ,  we obtain the inherence frequency and basic frequency of the flexible membrane .  the using of y type fiber optic coupler greatly predigests the configuration of the sensor probe . "
for there drifted out to soapy ' s ears sweet music that caught and held him transfixed against the convolutions of the iron fence . 
"so please go back home ,  tell your kids to play more games , "
"so that , we must accept the modernize method of design ;  spread and apply the cad / capp technology ;  improve the ability of innovation on product to accord with requirement of society ' s development . "
"he has this line where he says ,  you know ,  you ' re going to put up a link there , "
"leopard seals ,  since the time of shackleton ,  have had a bad reputation . "
you ' il get right in if you go back to the end of the line . 
take it and talk to your mother . 
"it ' s called the american dream  ,  because you have to be asleep to believe it  ""  george carlin  -   "" "
"just stay with me ,  brandi ,  just stay with me . "
we call on all sides to uphold international norms that guarantee freedom of the press and the safety of journalists . 
"huddled in a wheelchair was an old ,  balding ,  emaciated woman . "
"any of several principally arboreal carnivorous mammals of the genus martes ,  related to the weasel ,  mainly inhabiting northern forests ,  and having a slender body ,  bushy tail ,  and soft fur . "
"if you really care about books ,  you ' re going to scan them better , "
you need it more than i do . 
"you know ,  we were just in south africa ,  and you can ' t go to south africa"
"if you take over dora ' s job ,  you are sure to be caught in the middle . "
he was a man of intelligence and of firmness of will . 
these are the schools we are sending them to : 
"we ' ve now got eight of these scanning centers in three countries , "
"eight time zones and a change of clothes later ,  we arrived in the future . "
" ' this is a handy cove ,  ' says he ,  at length ,  ' and a pleasant sittyated grog  -  shop . "
enjoy life ' s simple pleasures and save as mush as you can . 
i ' m not very hungry a small snack is fine for me . 
"with hundreds of thousands of ‘apps '  available ,  smartphones allow users to do anything from checking their bank balance to booking a flight . "
but it may be too early to be overconfident . 
bragging is a mask for insecurity .  truly confident people are quiet and unassuming .  they already know what they think ;  they want to know what you think . 
"the discovery of the letters was the final straw for a marriage which had already run into difficulty – 10 years ago the husband briefly left their house in rome and moved in with one of his sons ,  only to return a few weeks later . "
"many parents and netizens reacted by saying that  "" pornographic websites ""  have harmed so many people and that they hope google china can take practical action to correct its mistakes as soon as possible .  some students '  parents and netizens suggested that google cooperate with relevant authorities in a joint effort to eliminate all domestic pornographic websites in one sweep and effectively shield web surfers from foreign pornographic websites . "
"ludmilla ,  stay where you are ,  he ' s over there somewhere . "
"got back to base ,  and they pulled the remains of one of these  [ eurasian rollers ]  out . "
for detecting the seepage proofing efficiency of cut  - off walls in levees the smart neutron moisture gauge is first applied in the safety monitoring of yangtze river embankment . 
is that every bacterium has exactly the same enzyme
electromyographic evaluation at eight post  -  operative months demonstrated good reinnervation of the ld muscle flap . 
"do you think i don ' t know you ,  alexander ? "
"that was ,  of course ,  the birth of the chicago board of trade , "
"when they came there ,  my governess ,  who had her tale ready ,  kept her door shut . "
"and by what processes ,  carbon is being taken out of the atmosphere , "
"if we fail to act ,  as seems likely ,  i hope they are . "
i want to know more on you . 
chinese news outlets reported that retailers have already sold all of the gold iphone 5s models they had in stock . 
and they chose him as their sacrificial lamb . 
sounds to me like you need a drink . 
"i think we ' re sort of on the cusp of robots becoming common , "
and i was trying to decide between two very light shades of pink . 
wilson generated headlines last year when he announced his plans to produce a 3d - printed gun .  it took the group about eight months to design the liberator . 
it seems to me that the idea of a personal god is an anthropomorphic concept which i cannot take seriously . 
"we have found that we either resolve the problem and pray ,  or go to sleep angry . "
that ' s the only reason she chose you . 
one concrete development the u . s .  official touted was the implementation of an agreement for chinese tour groups to go to the united states . 
and then show me what it was like when the bridge started to go .  right . 
"and also ,  when we think about the rise of asia , "
the cat and her four nice little dogs live in a dog  -  house . 
investigation on therapy of recurrent malignant tumors by n _ 2 laser
"everyone involved in servicing batteries at that time vigorously opposed the  "" buried connections ""  . "
facebook is the most widely used tool for communicating online in burma . 
"after checking and rechecking the data ,  they concluded that the images were authentic . "
these guys are just circling the perimeter . 
"get that shit out of my face ,  man . "
they can also cause sufferers to move back and forth between being wide awake and really sleeping . 
"i explored the human skin ,  and how technology can transform the body . "
"i ’m working hard to fix up your classrooms and get you the books ,  equipment and computers you need to learn . "
"green of plastic packaging ,  corrugated case packaging  &  goods frame and wood packaging  &  .  printing are packaging tactics of packaging technology combining with environment in europe . "
do whatever you can to make it work . 
"all right , so the duke says something ,  and all of a sudden ,  magically ,  it happens . "
"no ,  scarlett ,  the idea of assistance from abroad is just a newspaper invention to keep up the morale of the south . "
"the variations extend across many regions of the brain ,  including those that govern such essential cognitive functions as memory and the interpretation of visual and auditory stimuli . "
"and i would say ,  if it doesn ' t have to be ,  then maybe it shouldn ' t be . "
"sinopec said in march it would build a new refinery in angola ,  also in partnership with sonangol ,  at a total investment of us $ 3 billion . "
rcra then specifies that solid waste meeting the following criteria will be considered hazardous waste . 
"this is one of the most stunningly weird sandstone rock formations in the united states ,  located in arizona .  almost 200 million years ago ,  the region was just a desert where duines migrated across the landscape and pushed the winds .  the ribbons of colors were formed by movement and precipitation of oxidizing material . "
"cross - border deals scare off most investors ,  certainly american ones . "
a newly born child is often called an addition to the family . 
but i think a lot of men do go through this sense
"in washington ,  secretary of state condoleezza rice said she is unable to substantiate iran ' s claims . "
a notion in economics known as the paradox of value is closely tied to consumers '  surplus . 
"brazil was ranked 60th ,  one place higher than the previous year ,  and portugal dropped to places to 32nd . "
" "" so ,  you ' re six .  you have a whole year to do anything you want to"
"the yangtse river ,  the longest river in china ,  is 6300 kms in length . "
the council doesn ' t like it when he interferes in jedi affairs . 
it ' s very well documented that people get things wrong . 
"go ,  i ' il wait for you at the door . "
i don ' t wanna be in an apartment . 
"as well as benefiting cape verde ,  the praia government has suggested that chinese cooperation can also offer advantages to companies from china who use the islands to expand their business in west africa and portuguese - speaking african states . "
gave a bunch of physical reasons why it wouldn ' t do a very good compensation . 
"one of the many surprises awaiting me in china was having lots of chinese friends say that they really didn ' t like these films .  i was taken aback initially by such comments .  zhang yimou ,  for example ,  is still one of my favorite directors and raise the red lantern remains one of my all - time favorite movies . "
mr .  chen said he would leave nyu by june 30 .  fordham university in the bronx said it was in talks with mr .  chen to work there . 
"dauthuille is down ,  and referee lou handler comes over and starts the count . "
"but for a country that rightly cites patriotism as one of its core values ,  we ' re taking a pass on what might be the most patriotic struggle of all . "
"pushed i . v .  fluids , now he ' s holding a hundred systolic . "
"in the meantime ,  someone needs to watch over those kids . "
brown is vowing the saturday night attack will not derail the peace process . 
"the cathedral project was ill - starred from the off .  designs by sir edwin lutyens and adrian gilbert scott were rejected for being ,  in the case of the former ,  too expensive ,  and in the case of the latter ,  not good enough .  the task eventually fell to sir frederick gibberd and it is his finished product that stands to this day . "
i ' ve alwaysa good rebounder and always got a lot of blocks and steals . 
after investigating a womans dead body the detective and the officer with him go to a antique shop where the woman got a necklace and see some people about to behead someone . 
"ok ,  so here is the sort of big idea : "
"no ,  no ,  no ,  that was the hot tub in mexico . "
"if you guys spend one more dime ,  i swear i will bitch - slap you . "
