"being in the the absence of anaesthetist ,  there usually are some phenomena about inadequacy of the local anaesthesia in the out  -  patient clinic operation . "
"in his book ,  dosa offers no solid scientific explanation for oscar ' s behaviour . "
are you someone who likes to do everything yourself ? 
i can ' t believe i ' ve been out ofyour orbit for four years . 
"results the moulding were satisfied in 35 cases with 1 to 5 years follow - up .  the figure of the skull was normal ,  and there were no em bedded bone flaps elevated or invaginated .  the hair grew well . "
and producing gamma rays that could be detected with this . 
we witnessed the eruption of violence in the streets . 
the teacher has such a commanding voice that everyone obeys her . 
what she meant was that she wants to do it at some point . 
"someone says ,  “i’m going to go get a six - pack , ” they mean they’re going to go buy six cans of beer . "
"you wouldn ' t pay for someone to go to the cinema for you and have fun on your behalf , "
there is nothing more exhilarating than to be shot at without result . 
i do not protect people i like . 
the shop ' s sales have reached an all  -  time high in this very successful year . 
director of the toxic substances division of the environmental protection administration chen jhih - ming said that the test results were the worst in the off - shore islands and keelung . 
this paper presents the contactless control of flasher with triode . 
"whether you spend just 30 seconds every morning or have a dedicated pre - bedtime ritual ,  practically everyone has a skincare routine .  and while we all have the best intentions when it comes to taking care of our complexion ,  we sometimes sabotage our skin without realizing it .  your daily habits make a major difference when it comes to preventing damage and premature aging .  renee rouleau ,  a celebrity esthetician with skincare shares the eight most common skincare mistakes — and how to fix them . "
her limited marketing was soon completed ;  and then as usual she began to look about for some of the trantridge cottagers . 
"although these steps proceed in roughly chronological order ,  they represent an iterative process . "
my problem is your brain is as big as those tits . 
look at all possible moves to the end of the game
"but if we do it now ,  there ' s just no way to get it back on there . "
he was down by 15 ∶ 40 in the third game . 
"look ,  jenny .  .  .  if he’s the killer ,  then we have him in this room . "
"together with dozens of parents ,  liang has been visiting the beijing municipal commission of education every thursday morning since september 2012 ,  immediately after the state council issued the document asking provincial governments to make policies . "
"for though i were right ,  i could not answer ;  i would have to implore the mercy of my judge . "
"the golden hill software of responsible software business is advanced vice -  president arrowroot as jade - like stone to golden hill  "" internet is changed ""  having oneself unscramble . "
and little did i know that one year later  .  .  .   ?  we ' d be doing this show .   ? 
"for example ,  we know that if you are active ,  you probably smoke less . "
"what it really takes to do well ,  to lead a meaningful life , "
"research shows that being overweight or obese  ( especially if you ' re pastmenopause )  increases your risk ,  especially if you put on the weight as an adult . "
maybe this notebook will be sent to you . 
i got to get back up there . 
"boom  -  box :  a cd ,  radio and cassette player with speakers that you can take wherever you go . "
 #  i was only out for a day  # 
"paul hertz is the director of nasa’s astrophysics division :  “stars ,  nebulae in black holes emit x - rays of the type that we use in medical x - rays .  and these can not be detected from the surface of the earth . "
"as she looked it over ,  she let out the most blood - curdling ,  shrill scream i ' d ever heard in 29 years of marriage . "
then something in the storm and the lighthouse and the old man exalted rudolf . 
the magician made the rabbit disappear with a wave of his wand . 
the lonely forerunner ' s helpless——guo song - tao’s experience as a diplomat
"and i actually wanted more ,  so i borrowed another mouse from a friend  -  - "
how do you make it on your own ? 
"facing high inflation and heavy taxation ,  the worker can hardly live on their shrunken wages . "
the adsorbent efficiency of heavy metal solution is more than 60 percent and secondary adsorbent efficiency is still more than 60 percents .  the resut of adsorption to mixed solution is better .  and thre is ont obvious relationship between adsorbent result and adsorbent time and volume of defoliation . 
i can tell by the blue ribbon . 
"but like even at my job  -  -  like ,  i just got promoted . "
"full of pieces you can buy ,  and add to your collection of luxuries . "
"you can start the navigation process by tapping on a colored icon showing travel time ,  either in the initial small bar at the bottom of the map ,  or on the info sheet . "
"when discus release , the angle of left knee is small ,  the shoulder - hip angle is big and the pull angle is small . "
they ' re both living on the streets ? 
"and there i was awarded  "" best in the world in medicine ,  "" "
objective :  to explore the effect of muscovite on the quality of gastric ulcer healing . 
"well ,  are you as good a tennis player as your dad ? "
"in texas ,  a man was accused of hitting his wife after she failed to  "" like ""  a facebook post he wrote about the anniversary of his mother ' s death ,  according to media reports . "
and hop the fencebefore someone sees you . 
ricky martin说：and if i change it they will throw a fit
brutus and cassius joined in the conspiracy to kill julius caesar . 
lego also has one important force on its side in its battle to globalise : 
i ' ve also had some meals that make me want to dry heave . 
it is about time legislation caught up with reality . 
"xiao liwu ,  whose name means “little gift , ” wasenamoredwith the green toy and would not let it go during his 18thveterinarianexam earlier this week . "
what ' s up with the guy with the weird eyes ? 
"obviously ,  when you end things with your a - hole ,  jerky ex ,  all you wanna do is talk about what a jerky a - hole he is .  but before you launch into a tirade about his emotional unavailability ,  check out these expert tips on the etiquette of what not to say after your relationship is dunzo - at least for your own sake . "
it can also imply a recovery from some kind of slump or period of quietude . 
"if you keep to a certain diet and workout routine ,  without changing things up ,  it ' s likely that you ' ll very quickly hit a plateau . "
"in the real world .  we need a lot more of that , "
"on friday ,  police detained dozens of anti - government protesters close to the venue in this area ' s capital baku .  activist has criticized the human rights record of president ilham aliyev ,  his wife lied azerbaijan ' s eurovision organizing committee ,  his daughter is the host of the contest and his son in law is due to sing in the interval . "
"set up in 2004 ,  via a sub - concession of air macau ,  viva macau is headed by ngan in leng and its shareholders are from australia ,  canada ,  italy and macau . "
a relationship filled with heat and passion . 
"as a type of special economic resources ,  it has multiple values ,  concretely reflected in such aspects as equity financing ,  increase in owners ' equity ,  intangible assets ,  optimization of resource allocation ,  and social contribution . "
"if i can get you that black fluid ,  what happens then ? "
police are constantly arresting people over in the adult business district . 
uncle george didn ' t show up for our wedding because he forgot . 
and i ' m grateful for the opportunity to share this voyage with you today . 
"for eight years ,  after screwing up the relationship on day one  -  - "
"tom ,  fort braggis not the same without you ,  bud . "
and in the morning you will see the glory of the lord ;  for your angry words against the lord have come to his ears :  and what are we that you are crying out against us ? 
what in the hell is that noise ? 
"but you won ' t sell my fish now ,  will you ? "
i hope you ' ve let none of your belongings in the hotel . 
those shares are worth quite a bit of money . 
"in september ,  california governor jerry brown signed a bill to allow autonomous vehicles on the roads of his state . "
" "" oh baby ,  it ' s your love that sets me free !  "" "
i don ' t suppose you both heard that hailsham was closed ? 
declaration abandons itself to the slender transparency of its bevelled glass bottle . 
"he could crush mountains ,  level forests ,  tame seas ! "
i could show you where they´re buried . 
i recommend that you do not disobey your officer . 
is technology for a market of one :  personal expression in technology
"with a knick knack paddy whack ,  give the dog a bone ! "
"for both ladies and gentleman ,  there was a nearly 19 percent increase in dying from heart - related reasons . "
"go one ' s own way .  he is certainly needed thinking of other factor .  self is really myself ,  basic ! "
"sensors indicate threeklingon cruisers ,  bearing 3 - 1 - 6 mark 4 . "
i kind of like asked these questions and chatted with him through a translator
"today ,  steve ember and frank oliver complete the story of industrialist henry ford . "
"the dog was grubbing about under the bush ,  looking for a bone . "
this was actually less hostile than i expected . 
the king of scotland had died without a son . 
"wyatt korff and roy caldwell ,  who worked closely with me on this . "
"now lot of powder are a problem ,  she decided to breast  -  feeding baby . "
"no ,  you don ' t .  .  .  you don ' t have to whore it up just for me . "
but i beseech you let not the worry of tomorrow touch me . 
you can ' t be despondent just cause you ' re dumped . 
"who recognizes that no longer is there a single superpower , "
"didn ' t you say that if your book was accepted ,  you would .  .  . "
iron manufacturing also gradually began to develop in the colonial era . 
"the pc -  based simulator consists of the database engine melcor code , the man -  machine interface modules manager＆ display , the communication module server and the supplementary modules .  it can be used successfully to realize some very important functions , such as the variable database management of melcor code , the plant mimic screens , simulation computation control , restart and replay , etc . "
"just look at google maps here .  there ' s block 14 ,  15 ,  16 ,  17 ,  18 ,  19 . "
"now you know what we gotta do next ,  right ? "
"it turned out that the man came to his consciousness and waked up ,  talking with a doctor . "
"in total ,  the board of vale approved a package of us $ 12 . 9 billion to support operations underway and promote the growth of the company by research and development and execution of projects in several countries around the world . "
"above all ,  he will have to work much harder at disproving nixon ' s  "" dumb ""  jibe if he is to beat hillary clinton . "
fa youth cup holders liverpool will meet chelsea in the fourth round of the competition at anfield after the london side beat nottingham forest 2 - in their third round clash . 
"my mom is not here ,  so i can say this now . "
"some items got sent offwhen they shouldn ' t have , "
translation of literal and implied meaning in a dream in red mansions
jack sparrow :  we ' ll have to fight .  .  .  to run away ! 
"through interpretation of a large amount of 2 d and 3 d seismic data ,  we have found that three widely developed seismic facies , including mound like facies , sphenoid foreset facies and desultory reflection facies , are also mainly distributed along the major structural zones . "
"still ,  the famous scientist and popular writer isaac asimov made an interesting observation about mind - reading once . "
"the following year ,  the government ordered more than 110 , 000 people of japanese ancestry into 10 camps to live during the war . "
"so it is you ,  the great vassili zaitsev . "
"if you have access to a suitable bathroom at work ,  freshen up there . "
"the main reasons for this high relapse rate were :  drug craving  ( 86 . 99 %  )  ,  physical protracted withdrawal syndromes ( 76 . 75 %  )  ,  lure of co - addicts  ( 75 . 94 %  )  . "
but that ' s sort of like filling in somebody else ' s matrix . 
" #  we venerated to you ,  god ,  we venerated to you ,  god  # "
its flavor ranges from tangy to spicy with a bit of a peppery aftertaste . 
everyone was excited and wanted to be a part of it . 
that is the common term that you will hear . 
"joe marshall has been invited to speak in canada ,  nigeria ,  south africa and thailand . "
boku is a new visual programming language made specifically for creating games . 
british police say julian assange has breached his bail conditions by staying at the embassy . 
"no matter what recession hits them next time .  if you can cook , "
i just can ' t get enough of super jumbo hamburgers recently . 
federal labor leader mark latham says he does not support extending a heroin injecting room trial . 
the six cities in addition to beijing selected to host the events for the 2008 summer olympics point up one of the essential aspects of china …
10 .  someone is going above and beyond and doing a little extra work to make someone else ' s life a little easier . 
must be a compound that has to be absorbed through the lungs . 
"if you ' re a beginner ,  start with 10 minutes of light activity and gradually increase the intensity of your activity . "
"therefore ,  employing urbanization strategy and speeding up the process of urbanization is a pressing problem in chinese economic and social development in the beginning of the 21st century and a historical task that has to be accomplished by the mid 21st century in order to attain the goal of modernization . "
mind training is based on the idea that two opposite mental factors
"due to the exposing nature of the terrain ,  air power is critical in controlling this major artery . "
"yeah ,  we had an army at the game . "
"for example ,  playing only priests with their ability to detect the cursed or blessed state of an object might make you too dependent on that ability . "
"i need to talk with a person ,  he / she drinks . "
"sao paulo ,  brazil ,  22 feb–the profits of brazilian bank ,  banco itaú ,  which has a stake in portuguese bank bpi ,  increased 39 percent in 2005 ,  to 2 . 06 billion euros ,  brazil ' s second largest private institutions said wednesday . "
"so he imagined that the world had four dimensions of space ,  not three , "
"she was at the conference in boulder to speak on laughter therapy ,  a subject she took very seriously indeed ,  and lectured about how we could be healthier in mind and spirit if we laughed more . "
" "" this alignment gives the front wheels a slight toe - in when the car is at rest .  then ,  when the car begins to move forward ,  this toe - in practically disappears as all looseness ,  or "" slippage '  ,  in the steering system is taken up .  "" "
"wu works for a state - owned corporation in chengdu ,  capital of sichuan province .  not long after joining the company ,  she was asked to convey to her colleagues the proceedings of a meeting that she had attended . "
find a chance to return this costume of ritual with its crown to the king
but you ' re sitting here from every corner of the world . 
"look ,  i can ' t stop thinking about you . "
"i ' il agree to your terms if ,  in addition to yourself ,  you hand over to me all data and material regarding the project called genesis . "
are either on the cusp of a magnificent and exciting career
"sheena iyengar :  well ,  it ' s funny that you should ask that"
"and they were terrific ,  and they practiced their family planning themselves . "
"even so ,  for more than 10 minutes ,  they couldn’t locate the man they had come to apprehend . "
you ' ve got to create a system that will work better and better . 
america ' s national institutes of health has suggested that women limit calories to no less than one thousand two hundred calories a day without medical supervision . 
so i don ' t want somebody who ' s going to cut and run
"however ,  they almost all depend upon the experience and collaboration of the team to perform the actual software development work in a consistent and high -  quality manner . "
"for example ,  the area called the pacific ring of fire has the most earthquakes . "
" "" we found no evidence to support the use of either aspirin or antioxidants in the primary prevention of cardiovascular events and mortality in people with diabetes ,  ""  belch and colleagues wrote . "
the movie with an all -  star cast is expected to set a new box office record . 
mobile broadband subscriptions reached eight hundred seventy - two million by the end of last year . 
"conclusion above results suggest that cig was a benign hyperplasia ,  approaching normal . "
" ' we want everyone to envy us ,  '  said mr .  wu ,  a 32 - year - old forestry and conservation consultant ,  sitting next to his identically dressed spouse . "
"even his recreation consisted in change of study ,  laying down one subject to take up another . "
"14 .  the most used letter in the english alphabet is  ' e '  ,  and  ' q '  is the least used ! "
belgium ' s highest court has granted a conditional early release to the former wife and accomplice of the convicted pedophile and child killer marc dutroux . 
we stayed together for most of the past three years .  he has become part of my life .  said duan . 
"i swear to god ,  in jesus christ ' s name . "
"i just would like to congratulate him and to congratulate all this season mates because they have a small part ,  a part of this trophy ,  and we are very happy for him . "
"i asked my 4 kids  "" who is the best daddy in the world ""  .  my two daughters said  "" you are daddy ""  .   my son william said that he thinks so but he is not sure as he has not met all the dads in the world .    and robert said for sure he does not know but i must be one of the best .   ha ha ! "
"through various inventions and new ways of doing lighting , "
acdemic academic writing among professionals professionals is a way to create a new college knowledge . 
"among his most recent stops was the midwest state of iowa ,  which has a large proportion of elderly residents .   "" i am talking about social security because i see a problem ,  and i believe the job of the president is to confront problems and not pass them on to future presidents or future congress '  .  that is what i think you elected me for ,  ""  he said . "
now i ' m not saying for a minute that british conservatives have all the answers . 
he jumped on me for not agreeing with him . 
"stephen can easily find the dictionary ,  because he have carefully arranged all his book on his bookshelf . "
"be pregnant a many month does not want the child ,  how is abort good ?  does medicaments still go to a hospital stream of people ? "
around the world our people are under attack . 
who else could help her but us ? 
"folk debit and credit sides arrange as a kind of unofficial monetary system ,  it is insufficient in financing of private economy to remedy the formal financial institution of our country . "
should we be doing this with them there ? 
the colt shied at the fence and refused to jump over it . 
"from cleaning jewelry to fighting stubborn stains ,  vodka has many handy uses  -  -  other than pepping up your bloody mary ! "
"speaking to journalists at doula airport ,  after the inaugural flight to that city ,  the sub - director said that the company was currently looking into the routes that would be carried out by taag to reach benin . "
"let sparkle have aii our secondhand ,  stale ,  grody ideas . "
"major line as abc is ,  their schedule is not at all well kept . "
"he said ,   "" if you don ' t want to follow my instructions , "
"when deng kun was in college studying biomedical engineering ,  he imagined himself working for a company like ge . "
researchers from the university of surrey in the uk investigated the effects of eating on mood in 40 women who were either non - emotional or emotional eaters . 
a the code for the uk is zero zero four four . 
"and no matter what grade you’re in ,  some of you are probably wishing it were still summer and you could’ve stayed in bed just a little bit longer this morning . "
they set out a four  -  year timetable to gather up and secure bomb  - usable fissile material . 
he kept them as trophies in his basement . 
"like ,  some people learn to dance ,  others are born to . "
"all fourteen patients had radicular pain and weakness prior to ,  and complete relief of radiculopathy after ,  the index procedure . "
"i told you what i want ,  mr .  kravitz . "
that a new love .  .  .  will be more busy and complicated . 
"in the "" early gestures ""  , there were conventional gesture for "" thank you ""  , nodding or shaking the head to indicate agreement or disagreement , pointing to desired objects , etc .  at age 8～9 months , about 50 %  of the gestures could be produced by the infants , 75 %  of the early gestures could be produced by 12 months infants . "
in the south it almost never snows . 
we hope that a representative will soon be appointed to come here for the discussion on the compensation . 
"if they have no luck ,  they don ' t keep them ,  since they ' re not in the warehouse business . "
"examples of fabrics made by the twill weave include denim ,  jean ,  gabardine ,  surah , sharkskin ,  some flannel fabrics and some tweeds . "
"and there must be some muscles in there as well somewhere ,  i guess . "
"among these materials three were optimized ,  that is r1 ,  r2 ,  r3 .  r1 and r2 have high lustrous carbon productive ratio .  r3 can relax the thermal expand in great extent . "
try to anticipate what your child will do and forestall problems . 
"the encounter opened his memory and his senses ,  and left them dilate . "
what can you tell me about rita and coach ward ? 
"what we need to do is reconnect with who we really are , "
cary put his key card into the security system slot . 
"so what are you doing here ,  really ? "
we made a deliberate stop  -  over at obihiro during lunchtime to sample the famous pork chop rice . 
"both he and the cow appeared bored out of their minds ;  two colleagues begrudgingly completing a chore on a cold ,  cloudy day in denmark . "
"during this period ,  through reading about botanic research in amazonia ,  ng understood that the world is unknown ,  all can be explored and discovered . "
"since there ' s a water scarcity on the island ,  we kind of abide by the  "" if it ' s yellow let it mellow ,  if it ' s brown flush it down ""  policy . "
"operating in 27 countries worldwide ,  petrobras forecasts investments of us $  112 billion over the coming five years . "
"if the tea party was organized as apolitical party ,  34 %  of voters would prefer a democrat in a three - waycongressional race . "
"i ' m short sighted .  i look at the signs at the end ,  i can hardly see them . "
"creating a business process requires not only a clear definition of collaboration patterns of all its components ,  but also a way of depicting standard business  -  to  -  business  ( b2b )  interactions . "
"it may seem simple and easy to do ,  but notice how few manage it . "
the british prime minister david cameron said early indications were that the hostages were killed by their captors before they could be freed .  the men were kidnapped last may . 
a calf was offered up as a sacrifice to the goddess . 
"most chapters in most cities with most members ,  most active ? "
" "" sometimes ,  improving your marriage means giving it a break . "
and i actually took out a handful of stones from my pocket
the latest cbs news  /  new york times public opinion poll shows only 37 percent of americans approve of the president ' s handling of the war in iraq .  that ' s down from 45 percent in february . 
"some of those might be terrific ,  but if we had nothing else to go on ,  we ' d look for alcohol content at about 14 %  and below . "
"like the other “ice age” films ,  it involves a dangerous journey and time is found to torture the poor little saber - toothed squirrel ,  scrat . "
"swearing off carbs  ( or fried food ,  or sweets )  may last for a few days or even a few weeks ,  but research shows that the best weight - loss plans allow for someindulgencein moderation . "
" "" in the west ,  young people earn their own money for relationships .  what chinese parents do doesn ' t help their children ,  ""  said li yinhe ,  a sociologist at the beijing - based chinese academy of social sci - ence . "
"the measurement of the instantaneous freqency  ( if )  of a time - varying signal is of importance to many applications such as seismic ,  radar ,  sonar ,  communication and biomedicine because the if gives a good description of some physical phenomenon . "
"after ring off ,  i sent a message to them ,  i wished them all had good time . "
"look at this place ,  it ' s all sealed up"
jill and sue are at variance  ( with each other )  over / about their lodger . 
"secondly ,  why is the comprehensive urban design approach needed ?  the dissertation proves that urban design and urban planning are complimentary in nature ,  and that the urban design implementation is subtly dependant on urban planning ,  using the evidences drawn from the history of urban evolutions ,  the modern theories and implementations of urban design and urban planning ,  and the urban planning systems in china . "
that shows you can have your desktop 3d printer
"don ' t tell anyone about the plan until we are ready to act ,  or you my upset the applecart . "
"in response to your inquiry respecting mr .  mat ,  we have pleasure in stating that he is a thoroughly reliable man . "
"a week before this ,  swedish internet discharge compares stability all the time . "
put it on your desk where you can see it . 
"in the meantime ,  let ' s find out how badly we ' ve been hurt . "
"how about norway ,  that bastion of enlightenment ,  where the female share of board seats is double that in the us ,  france or germany ?  in a bloomberg ranking of 91 world equity indices ,  the oslo all share index was outside the top two dozen ,  beating the french and german markets but still outshone by the ftse all - share .  true ,  this is a rough exercise compared with mckinsey ' s work ,  but still food for thought .  sorry ,  sisterhood . "
"gross gaming revenue during the first three months of this year is almost equal to the revenue obtained in the entire year of 2003 ,  when the figure was 30 . 315 billion patacas . "
"pretty much looked the same ,  and the effect of globalization"
the state ' s jobless rate dropped from over ten percent in twenty - ten to less than seven and a half percent . 
"critics of the bush administration ,  among them former u . s .  ambassador to the united nations john bolton ,  have accused the state department of softening verification demands to try to keep the nuclear deal afloat and claim a foreign policy triumph . "
maybe the teams and broadcaster did break the law .  but by the same token cnmc has sent a loud message to the la liga and whichever broadcaster gets the next deal :  we are going to comb through the fine print of your contract and look for any technicality to grab some of your loot . 
didn ' t we agreed that there ' il be no snacking after 10 p . m .  ? 
for a two inch long insect .  it ' s quite incredible . 
"what do i believe ?  what laws do i live by ?  there are somany answers  -  work ,  beauty ,  truth ,  love  -  and i hope i do liveby them . "
" ?  rape and degradation ' s just a crime  -  -  lighten up ,  ladies .   ? "
you don ' t get the reassurance which produces private investment . 
"alfred ,  lord tennyson ' s poem  "" the charge of the light brigade ""  concerns what war ? "
the us coin of the lowest denomination is the cent . 
"so one big question is ,  how does a baby know when to stop growing ? "
"gao remains hopeful .  despite a barrage of messages from one - night - stand hopefuls ,  she has not deleted her website post ,  claiming she is  "" just curious ""  . "
he says big coffee sellers like starbucks help his business by building a base of customers who want something better . 
this pda is infected with an extermination virus . 
"you ' re talking about the last scion ,  for christ ' s sake . "
the theoretic analysis was made on physical process of no .  1 generator after magnetic - off in no .  1 generating plant of anshan iron  & steel co . 
"renowned civil rights leader reverend martin luther king jr .  galvanized the u . s .  civil rights movement with his “i have a dream” speech in 1963 ,  his non - violent message calling for an end to racial segregation . "
doug johnson :  the program was written and produced by brianna blake . 
"he had to admit ,  he found it confusing in the maze . "
of the person who is most likely to care for it  -  - 
it ' s not moving us in a direction that we want to be . 
i already accepted a position somewhere else . 
it’s also a warning to people outside the country who engage in international communications . 
according to whether we ' re running along these six directions
"fix a stone ,  sharpened with a deadly edge ,  at the end of acarefully weighted stick ,  and you have a weapon  -  a dart ,  arrow or aspear  -  that could be lethal at a considerable distance . "
"the sun end was about four inches in diameter , "
mr .  obama spoke thursday in a rare presidential appearance in the press briefing room at the pentagon  -  -  the defense department headquarters . 
the orebodies of the pyrophyllite deposit are obviously controlled by the stratum and lithology and it belongs to the stratoid pyrophyllite deposit of volcanic hydrothermal metasomatic alteration . 
"in the analysis the burgers model is used to simulate the viscoelasticity creep characteristic of bedrock ,  and the permeability coefficients of the rock masses is assumed to vary as an exponent function of the stress . "
"the word  "" dentist ""  denotes a doctor whose work is the care of teeth . "
they surveyed land and erected signposts and distance indicators . 
"generalized inverse is applied to the analysis of inverse kinematic solutions of kinematically redundant robot manipulators .  based on the operation space analysis ,  the paper points out the dexterity criterion of 7 -  - d robot manipulator configura -  tions -  -  (  ?  )  min ,  which is the minimum value of jacobin matrix . "
please note the details on how to use the software and reason for it has been removed for a simple daft version . 
"settling in carmel ,  calif .  ,  in 1930 ,  she and mr .  newell joined a bohemian community that included the photographer edward weston and the journalist lincoln steffens . "
"of a young person who was kind of depressed ,  and he said , "
what troubled him was the squalor of i  [ the colonel ' s ]  aesthetic  ( blewis h .  lapham ) 
"well ,  the world is always bigger than our wallets are deep . "
"therefore we need to create a new set of labor laws , "
maybe one of us is wrong about the wrong . 
"through me the afflatus surging and surging ,  through me the current and index . "
"hire a bicycle in town and hitch a ride with a local boatman for a couple of dollars ,  and you can cycle out into the paddy fields and villages . "
this can inspire and push you along when you begin to doubt ourselves . 
"and the reason i want to stress that the consumer is not in retreat , "
"theoretically ,  yes ,  it could have been a fae kill . "
"and the data showed that the scans were completely accurate in ruling out alzheimer ' s pathology :  unlike doctors ,  they never said people had alzheimer ' s pathology when they did not . "
"do something every single day that makes you feel good ,  whether it is changing your thought patterns or taking a bath while reading a magazine in the tub . "
techobanine is located 70 km south of the port of maputo and 20 km from ponta do ouro on the south african border . 
"and in each of those ,  it was only part of the country . "
the drop comes as china is wrapping up construction of its last large - scale investment project in myanmar :  the construction of two pipelines that this year will transport oil and natural gas from the bay of bengal through myanmar into southern china . 
"smc ,  which is located in the province of lunda sul ,  was set up on 16 september 1993 ,  with the business aim of prospecting ,  exploration ,  processing and sale of diamonds from the kimberlitic seams in catoca . "
we should shower before we do this . 
helicopters also landed on the autobahn to ferry the seriously injured to hospital . 
"9 )   "" robust ""  – yet another normal ,  innocent word turned into a monster by corporate  "" repurposing .  ""  this used to just mean  "" hearty ,  ""   "" rugged ,  ""  or  "" vigorous ""  – not exactly words you ' d think to apply to ,  say ,  a database software suite ,  right ?  and yet these days ,  99 %  of the time this word is used to talk about programs that magically don ' t crash every time you open them .  there are even rumors that it ' s spawned the terms ""  robustify ,  ""   "" robusticity ,  ""  and even  "" robustification .  ""  pray they ' re not true . "
"we enter into a bewilderment of smoke ,  noise and crowding people . "
they cut the cake in two and ate half each . 
"between 5 p .  m .  and 6 p .  m .  ,  the liver is most efficient at detoxifying alcohol .  that said ,  it can still take an hour for your liver to complete the detox . "
he had been in a daze all the way to new york . 
"the survey did find an increase during middle age ,  especially in women . "
"asked about china ' s political reform on monday ,  she said some developed countries are facing very severe difficulties ,  but they never talk about changing their political systems . "
"so i say ,   "" how are you going to fit in there ?  "" "
"rising prices haveprompted many to ask for bigger paychecks ,  and blue -  collar incomes haveincreased faster than inflation . "
"when you do that ,  you ' ll discover you are more powerful than you ever thought possible . "
but i did say no to the blue hair . 
if you continue to behave like this you will give them grounds for dismissing you . 
is it thing one or thing two ?  what is it ? 
"he says the third security problem the obama administration will face internationally is the increasing boldness of russia ,  which is aggressively countering us attempts to expand nato in eastern europe .  zeihan says these are just some of the challenges for the new president . "
this kind of price discrimination is also known as dynamic pricing . 
"mr .  malcolm stewart ,  and it looks like a personal letter .  malcolm"
"the poll highlighted an internal conflict among the french ,  who considered themselves to be both the least arrogant and the most arrogant country in europe . "
act two opens months later at a masquerade party .  the guests all wear masks to hide their identity . 
"they didn ' t go to paris ,  and yet mark ' s brain apparently thinks .  .  .  that he really did spend 40 francs on a tour of the bastille . "
good sports writers are hard to find . 
and do something about the erosion of topsoils and the quality of water . 
"that travel across the floor of the atlantic ocean , "
"rule 6 .  the more often an executive uses the word  "" strategy ""  ,  the more you fear he lacks a good one .  to use it once is just about acceptable .  to use it seven times ,  as mr elop does ,  is very worrying indeed . "
but the experts who were each sentenced to six years argued that was impossible to be definitive . 
"“i hate classrooms because i am frequently asked to leave whenever students have a class , ” said the english media major .  “they also close before midnight . ”"
i didn ' t grow up in the streets without learning how to patch a busted noggin . 
she is humming a folk song that i never heard before . 
how dare you bring that into this palace ? 
"opposition leaders in zimbabwe say supporters of president robert mugabe have launched a campaign of violence in order to derail elections 10 days ago ,  which they say they won .  the accusation comes as a court in harare began hearings on the delayed results of the presidential vote . "
"as for the altitude problem we ’ll try to overcome it with specific training in sestriere ,  at high elevation . "
"light from the sun enters the earth ' s atmosphere and warms the air ,  land ,  and oceans . "
ade ' s constant absences from work made his boss very angry . 
wouldn ' t he go crazy if he ' s locked up for a long time ? 
"he was found in a neighbor ' s kitchen up on a chair ,  digging through their candy drawer . "
he flew to chicago and made no return on the same day . 
be sure of your facts before you file this . 
"from such crooked wood as that which man is made of , nothing straight can fashioned . "
"in humans ,  we actually developed the front part of the neocortex"
your best course of action is to forget about the whole unfortunate matter . 
"she didn ' t speak a word of english ,  although she looked very american  -  - "
"the main species of tobacco virus spread by aphids in shaanxi included cucumber mosaic virus  ( cmv )  , tobacco etch virus  ( tev )  and potato y virus  ( pvy )  ; "
⑵pepsin activity increased obviously and had significant discrepancy  ( p < 0 . 01 )  compared with pseudo operation group while obstructive jaundice .  obstructive jaundice stress group had significant discrepancy ( p < 0 . 05 )  compared with obstructive jaundice group . 
is not significant enough in terms of a difference
that incident prompted hundreds of serbs to burn down several albanian shops and to damage cars with kosovo license plates . 
"some research has suggested that unemployed workers should take up any job they can get ,  including temporary work ,  as a bridge to higher - paying employment . "
"yes ,  it ' s true .  in fact it ' s why radioactive stuff glows . "
"i would love to build this one day ,  and perhaps i ' d like to build it also"
"it ' s ugly ,  ugly ,  ugly ,  it ' s ugly ,  ugly ,  ugly ,  it ' s ugly  .  .  . "
and i want to just talk about a few of those things . 
"what ' s more ,  it would appear that people with a certain version of a gene called avpr1 are more altruistic than the average . "
"one of the common defects in cr - mn steels for the santana car speed box gears after forging and usual normalizing is the production of granular bainite , and as a result , the gear cutting will become difficult and their distortion arised from final heat treating tends toward unconstant variation . "
"darwin’s intellect ,  humility  ( “ it is always advisable to perceive clearly our ignorance ” )  and prescience astonish more as scientists clarify ,  in detail he never imagined ,  how much he got right . "
"how hard they were struck ,  and how they were held down , "
"indeed ,  the bells were tolling ,  the people were trooping into the handsome church . "
i ' ll give you a signal to ring down the curtain when the scene is over . 
they just have the incentives that get them to be blinded to reality
"parents with bedwetting children learn to curtail all liquids about 2 hours before sleep ,  thereby allowing the child ' s body to void excess liquids about 30  -  60 minutes before actual bed - time . "
i thought about running away and learning how to make tofu . 
the mother said that would only make the child needy and overly demanding . 
"and so that ' s one of the first things we know , "
"that ' s all in the past ,  says usa wrestling executive director rich bender . "
he asked his uncle to accommodate him till his pay cheque arrived . 
"zuckerberg looked at other products as popular as he expects whatsapp to be :  tencent ,  google search ,  youtube ,  facebook .  they are all extremely valuable . "
it was a bunch of people who wanted to bring in democracy
"he thinks the world cares little whether a man is a churchman ,  so long as he is good and true . "
"but i couldn ' t do that ,  i realized .  i changed the problem . "
safety glass shall set into rails in deep into an extruded polyvinyl chloride glazing channels . 
"i just talked to him dad ,  and he told me"
andy :  i can’t think of any decision in history that held more importance and more consequences then harry truman ' s decision to drop the atomic bomb on japan at the end of world war ii . 
i want you to know that we can all make a difference
ruben we need to talk about a power of attorney . 
"the validity period is indispensable to a firm offer ,  that remains valid until a stipulated time or until it is accepted or rejected . "
"so i ' m not saying that you should plant a meadow of pot , "
"think of cancer ,  of bird flu ,  swine flu ,  sars . "
"do not praise too ,  otherwise  ' il be without taylor . "
"so in fact ,  we ' re going to have this unlimited number of worlds"
"chancellor palpatine managed to escape your grip ,  general . "
stop grubbing about there and tell me what you ' re looking for . 
experimental research for direction of arrival estimation based on signal phase matching principle
"i failed to achieve the pass mark by only one per cent in my french exam  -  but still ,  a miss is as good as a mile . "
all the way from tewksbury .  he ' s a resident at tewksbury hospital . 
to benefit from our external relations .  i ' ll give you an example . 
"in its regular report on the angolan economy ,  the economic and financial studies department of the bank said that provisional data showed that in 2006 and 2007 ,  angolan imports from brazil rose 61 and 45 percent ,  respectively ,  whilst those from china rose 140 percent and 39 percent . "
"in order to solve the problems ,  author put forward some counter  -  measures . "
"if there are things that can wait until later ,  then do them later . "
all the latent prints belong to petty officer cove . 
i have a hidden agenda in all my software engineering classes . 
"according to official estimates ,  angola has a population of 14 . 5 million people ,  96 , 300 fixed - line telephones ,  740 , 000 mobile phone customers and 41 , 000 internet users . "
now what if you put together women and humor ? 
"the letters page ,  where they could write a letter in , "
is an injury every 20 seconds  -  -  that ' s one and a half million every year  -  - 
"in recording ,  pertaining to sound reproduction using a single output signal or made with a single channel audio tape recorder . "
" "" if you are traveling and find yourself in need of a phone charger ,  definitely call down and ask housekeeping ,  ""  humphreys says . "
we would use the artwork that comes in from that competition to promote it . 
"she says the computerized system could have its biggest impact in resource - poor settings  -  in developing countries ,  for example  -  where skilled pathologists are in short supply . "
the above offer is made without engagement and all order will be subject to our write acceptance . 
"many currencies look more out of whack than in july 2007 ,  when we last compared burger prices . "
two strains of bacteria were isolated from liver of moribund bullfrogs from bullfrog pool and moribund ducks from duck farm in fujian province . 
"yeah ,  my dreams ,  my love will all come true"
high  -  strength alloy steels can experience rapid crack propagation from stress corrosion under certain loading conditions . 
in the fourth generation of reactors that are coming along . 
too often we developers test hastily or skip over this step . 
"“a strong personality can help you to steal the show .  however ,  it’s important not to become so exaggerated that you appear eccentric , ” said song . "
"yet it seems many employers haven ' t caught on .  consider :  a scant 5 %  offers a referral service to employees looking for eldercare resources ,  according to the 2014 employee benefits survey from the society for human resources management .  fewer than 1 %  offers benefits like geriatric counseling or backup eldercare services for emergencies . "
there we are in monterey  -  -  hopefully i can get it right . 
put your weight on your left leg . 
"if you have gotten over kolaveri di ,  here ' s some more craziness that ' s driving the internet .  it ' s south korean star psy ' s ' gangnam style '  video .  the video has beaten justin bieber and has become the most liked video on youtube . "
nothing wrong with making church more convenient . 
"kanjorski :   "" we have reached a crossroads .  because our current regulatory regime has failed we now must design a robust ,  effective ,  supervisory system for the future .  "" "
"the insurgents are now focusing on high profile attacks ,  car bombings and assassinations . "
"some say that at such oxygen  -  deprived altitudes ,  rescues are too perilous . "
"crysis follows the general design of the developer crytek ' s first game ,  the sleeper - hit far cry  ( might future crytek titles include battle cry ,  cry baby and it ' s my party and i ' ll cry if i want to ?  )  . "
as the cost of computing power plummet s and the prices of hot start - ups soar—airbnb was recently valued at an eye - watering  $ 1 . 3 billion—the clone wars will get bloody . 
"speaking to reporters in beijing wednesday ,  assistant foreign minister he yafei acknowledged there are disagreements with other countries about china ' s use of the river . "
"led by huang chao ,  they brought down the reigning house after 300 years '  rule . "
"if you kiss a woman on the lips and stick your tongue down her throat ,  she ' ll probably be disgusted . "
"ollie manages his harmful response basically is intestines and stomach the path is unwell ,  for instance gastric bowel bilges oil of platoon of gas ,  bellyache ,  defecate . "
this is not good for you or me when it comes to the hotel alarm clock . 
"tobes ,  i don ' t want to have to read you the riot act here ,  but i am going to have to read you some extracts from the riot act . "
the answer is the same if the limestone overlays the sandstone . 
"oral test is the most typical subjective language test ,  which can directly reflect the basic language proficiency of a candidate and which has a strong backwash effect for language teaching . "
"six fire -  crackers ,  a kitten with only one eye , "
"that ' s what technology is bringing us :  choices ,  possibilities ,  freedoms . "
"in the classroom and on the football field ,  henry was nobody ' s fool . "
"what are you talking about ,  bb ? "
compared to any of these other sorts of things . 
the age group 16  -  19 years showed the highest infection rate  ( 39 . 5 %  )  . 
they need the tools and commands more than they need detailed instructions . 
"i know you ' il be gentle ,  as gentle and pleasant as you can be . "
"mak had never seen a real pig before she drew mcdull .  she was born and spent most of her life in tai kok tsui ,  an ordinary hong kong community where she can still buy cheap food .  it is also where mcdull grows up . "
you never knowwhen anything is taking place . 
there ' s 25 or so terrific speakers signed up for next year . 
"first ,  you must give helen back to my brother . "
"we really should stop this fighting ,  otherwise we ' il miss the fireworks . "
father is annoyed that his daughter consorts with all kinds of strange people . 
the use of this material does not affect the electrical performance . 
"in other cultures ,  they paint themselves like  "" lord of the flies .  "" "
"in thai ,  the number 5 is pronounced  "" ha ""  -  -  so instead of saying  "" hahahahaha ,  ""  thai speakers will sometimes write  "" 55555 .  "" "
why ?  because the path i had taken was considered out of bounds . 
"during the heat -  shock response ,  hsp70 assists in the folding and reassembly of denatured proteins ,  protecting the cell from an otherwise damaging stress ,  hsp70 also plays an integral role in certain biochemical events of normal cells ,  and ,  because of its antigenicity ,  hsp70 may have a role in the immune response . "
"but it does suggest feathers may have helped promote life in the trees ,  even for creatures that could not actually fly . "
"at just this point in our conversation ,  the mcdonald ' s p .  r .  executive who was with us — an elegant british woman named danya proud — coughed rather loudly .  coudreaut trailed off .  rd is secret at every company . "
"that the force that causes the apple to fall to the ground is the same force that causes the planets and the moon to move around ,  and so on ? "
when did you last write a check ? 
"ocular hyperemia ,  dry eye ,  decreased visual acuity ,  foreign body sensation ,  pain and pruritus ,  increases in brown pigmentation of the iris and periorbital tissue or eyelashes ,  etc . "
the radiation doses at the crew station :  700 rads per shot . 
that ' s the only way to deal with something like a pandemic . 
we need to further reduce our ratio of public debt to gdp to give us the flexibility to meet the demands of our aging population . 
"in the field of good sauces ,   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . sauce  "" wei - wei ""  has been considered the best for quite a long time . "
"the other implications ,  as well as reduced cargo ,  are related to constant delays seen in processing the ships ,  a lack of night time navigation ,  as well as high freight fees applied to importers and exporters ,  which means the port is under - used . "
"and what hotel means ,  in kenya and india ,  is an eating - place . "
"but if you look along all these different pictures , "
the true value of this painting must be at least  $ 500 . 
"well ,  why are they gonna take your house away ? "
we will have them geared for both male or female  -  - 
"frankly ,  i mean ,  who could blame you ? "
"it ' s the raw material ,  the stuff ,  of evolution in our agricultural crops . "
" "" aung san suu kyi has never wavered ,  ""  he said .   "" her courage and her writings have inspired millions .  and in so doing ,  they have put fear into the hearts of the leaders of the burmese junta .  "" "
ensure you ' ve explained how it is that planes can fly upside down . 
"we ' re going to continue investing in our critical partnerships and alliances ,  including nato ,  which has demonstrated time and again  -  -  most recently in libya  -  -  that it ' s a force multiplier . "
"what do you know about sirius black ,  harry ? "
"dear seething :  yikes .  it sounds like you have two separate problems here -  -  your manager ' s top - down ,  command - and - control management style ,  and the fact that he seems to know less than you do .  let ' s start with the first one . "
"but my curiosity overtook me again .  several times ,  i arranged to meet up with guys online ,  but i would lose my nerve and flee ,  never returning their confused emails . "
to renew a broken clamp screw for air port in fitter ' s quarter . 
"sirte ,  where he was born in a bedouin tent in the sand - wastes and died amid the crackle of sniper fire ;  misrata ,  where he went to a private tutor to learn history ;  benghazi ,  where at military college he began to plot revolution ;  and tripoli ,  where in the sprawling half - bombed barracks at bab el - aziziya he pitched his tent again ,  the brother - leader ,  insisting he would never leave until he had fired the last bullet he possessed . "
because there is sort of a counter - revolution that is going on : 
"results :  the tc ,  tg ,  η bh ,  η bl ,  η p lowered ,  ept shortened ,  hct ,  hdl  -  c elevated ,  they were more evident than those of control group . "
"as soon as i rounded the corner to go past the house ,  i saw this figure standing out in the cold rain with a sack in his hand . "
"an idea that is fully formed ,  fully understood ,  that sticks . "
 ( john )  :  i have to take mr abel from abc corporation out drinking tonight . 
we shouldn ' t wait for either of them . 
"if we were fencing ,  he would ' ve been in serious trouble . "
"what we do though is we send each one of them ,  including myself , "
"not only read articles ,  but try out the attached source codes . "
"rebel fighters take shelter as an intense gunbattle erupted outside the corinthia hotel ,  where many foreign journalists are staying ,  in tripoli ,  libya ,  thursday ,  aug .  25 ,  2011 . "
so the old days before digital radio when you were tuning in your radio
but i want you to think about these things
"while it ' s wonderful to share a special trip and new experiences with friends ,  a partner ,  or family ,  there ' s a compelling case for travel alone from time to time . "
i gave the alarm as soon as i saw the smoke . 
below boiling point network television will be one by one for all doubts . 
"in their home near kyiv ,  svetlana kuleshova and yuri kuleshov are paying the price for more expensive russian gas . "
"who else could move so seamlessly from social anthem to floor burner ,  fleet hip hop to cosmic rock ,  vintage funk to poignant folk ballad ? "
"degree holder of mechanical engineering ,  business administration ,  or related discipline . "
"soon thereafter the first man prayed for a house ,  clothes and more food . "
your child will soon see their actions are not getting the response they were hoping for if you stay calm and collected during the bout of bad behavior . 
i ' m just wondering why you don ' t date a nice guy your own age . 
goodwin comes in and tells her to contact the local sheriff . 
"well , for one thing the rules aren ' t really landing for me . "
" -  -  of the most advanced economies ,  and there more than anywhere else , "
"so ,  how do you deal with an obnoxious braggart ? "
" "" altruism ' s great ,  but it ' s not that great ,  ""  cano says . "
"and what ' s circled is the site that i ' m going to talk about , "
" "" it broadly requires the west to offer sanctions relief ,  although of a limited kind ,  not completely lifting sanctions ,  doing so in an incremental ,  careful and reversible way ,  of course ;  and for iran not to abandon enrichment but to place important limits on how and where it does it ,  ""  he added . "
"for this year the government set a target of 7 . 5 percent for inflation ,  which will be difficult to achieve as retailers have increased prices for the holiday season . "
" ( 3 )  among highaccepted children ,  those who perceived their social competence negatively scored higher on loneliness than those who did averagely ,  and those who did averagely scored higher than those who did positively ; "
and what ends up happening  -  -  sometimes you might have days like this
i will immediately arrange for the next fight
"we took a sort of more open ,  collaborative and participative approach . "
my broad  -  minded grand  -  uncle tried his best to make a match of it but did not succeed . 
"back in 2002 yao was a shy , lanky22 year old . "
"when the madam came around to collect the money ,  she found a man in the room ,  stripped naked and sound asleep . "
we will buy some furniture for our new house . 
"for them ,  beijing ' s rejection has been manna from heaven ,  providing another reason to block chinese bids . "
"a nato spokesman told voa there is no abnormal buildup of troops in the region ,  but acknowledged increased activity because of the time of year and recent developments in the area . "
when they finish their high school i will send them to america to study there . 
¡­ proof of her knowledge of the things of flesh . 
"though cpc and eight democrat parties are equal inpolitical status ,  political competition doesn ' t exist among them . "
a common basic structure used in the simulation is an insulating chunnel . 
this is a graph of death rates by age in botswana and egypt . 
her little bravado made her feel as if she ought to make amends . 
take a picture with this amazing and creative camera made from egg - carton and a water bottle . 
"fake the short pass ,  then hit me here in the end zone with a hail mary . "
do not store or transport it together with oxidizing agent or alkalies . 
"this entire expo ,  the largest in history ,  is a testament to the hospitality and energy of the chinese people . "
"greenpeace ' s davis said leaders need to recognize the costs of inaction ,  and also the benefits of promoting alternative ways to produce energy ,  that do not contribute to global warming . "
i believe this is a moral issue . 
professor dippet had that ling planted when he was headmaster . 
"increasing your connections with family ,  friends and society is good for your marriage .  "" "
we see a man who has been changed by his nightmarish circumstances . 
"unfortunately ,  bringing the board up to full strength is proving tricky . "
" "" the name of the song is keep fighting ,  and it says their job is to keep fighting and if you don ' t ,  i ' ll kill you myself ,  ""  he said . "
"the story concerned a young african - american doctor ,  played by poitier ,  who wants to marry houghton ,  a young white woman .  they have not known each other long ,  but he is an ideal prospect ,  respected in his field and well mannered .  but parents hepburn and tracy must deal with the fact he is black at a time when interracial marriages were frowned on . "
you are responsible for raising an icon .  .  .  which draws worship from the lord . 
he sold gum and energy drinks on the streets to survive .  “i slept on stairs or in public toilets for 10 years . ”
"hey ,  don ' t you think we should give her a hand ? "
that i had no freaking idea how i was going to cash . 
" "" he has made it clear that projection of strength would be a real priority ,  and one of the fundamental differences between the two candidates is the degree to which they are willing to continue funding defense build - up ,  ""  said serwer . "
"sadly ,  mr bhalla ' s estimate for investment is almost certainly too high . "
"that ' s a good one ,  coming from you . "
band with 0 . 3333 rf is of grapes with susceptibility or mid - suseptibility to downy mildew ; 
my girls would also if that ' s okay .  .  . 
"certainly you have more than some and less than others .  it may help to keep in mind that some people do not have as much as you ,  even if you only have a little .  get to know someone who has less than you ,  through volunteering or simply talking with others you may not normally talk to .  practice gratitude by reaching out to the people who have been important in your life . "
"cars and houses ,  bearskin rugs to lie before my fire . "
"a lifetime foe of the communist usurpers in eastern europe ,  he plotted with reformist politicians in budapest to stage a symbolic cross - border austro - hungarian picnic in the summer of 1989 ,  breaching the iron curtain for ever . "
it ' s a tradition that stretches over 1000 years . 
the powder metallurgy industry in china shall never stand erect without innovation and accelerated development . 
mrs rumbold is all of a about he daughter ' s wedding next week . 
what happenedto that girl from the pageant ? 
it didn ' t sound like the way i ' d heard from other kids  -  - 
even though i don ' t believe in vampires . 
"such as the proper term for what the french call  "" email ,  "" "
"“i have taken the national entrance exam for the central government’s civil service three times ,  and about a dozen times for civil service jobs in other provinces and cities , ” said xie . "
"to keep your head sun - safe ,  wear a hat with a 4 - inch brim  ( perfect for giving extra coverage to easily burned ears ,  face ,  and neck )  . "
so did you hear about that scholarship yet ? 
but you now what you did to him
"imagine spending seven years at mit and research laboratories , "
"chin looked at shu  -  hua ,  at chueh  -  min ,  at the others . "
i didn ' t want to start off sloppy . 
"the system will allow players to spread the ball with ease ,  opening up new attacking and defensive possibilities . "
"and they could do surgery ,  but -   -  i know . "
often we run into obstacles .  this is us coming back from
"i ' m sorry ,  does that say  "" never to fart ""  ? "
"but it ' s not too safe here ,  okay ? "
" ' the main interface is in the living room ,  where you can see social networks ,  magazines ,  and play music just using gestures ,  '  he said . "
there ' s a lot of plants and ticks . 
"despite the differences ,  china ' s oil paintings penetrate to each other ,  absors each other ' s strengths and expand with the development of the times . "
i have come to enjoy the patterns of my life at fort sedgewick . 
"the first is to make sure that most of the sunlight which falls on it is absorbed ,  rather than being reflected . "
and the next behavior i ' ll show you of this animal just stunned us the first time that we saw it . 
don ' t let the furnace go out please when i am not at home . 
"hi ,  i ' m joel flammenbaum ,  and this is my mother . "
"so ,  with this now the top body is light enough .  so ,  it ' s walking in our lab ; "
the renqing are often dismissive of economic and political liberalism and scornful of the notion of universal rights . 
dressed in nothing but her girdle she bears carnage in her soul . 
"you have your concept of life ,  i have my concept of life ,  i noninterference you .  as long as i can ,  i probation on you .  if not ,  then i named . "
"the  "" propagate to project ""  operations in this example do not align perfectly either with each other or the enterprise . "
emission and propagation of energy in the form of rays or waves . 
and his home city of mumbai is an ever - present element in his work . 
and a couple of bucks for a blank dvd . 
"but the fact is ,  most of china remains inaccessible and forbidden . "
she says she has known some parents who feared that introducing a second language to their children would hurt the children ' s ability to speakfluentenglish . 
nice and warm for you up there ? 
this grid is then said to represent the picture of the world ' s feelings
"any groan ,  body movements ,  sweating ,  delirium ,  nausea and vomiting during and after operation were observed ,  as well as recovery time after anesthesia and hospitalized duration . "
the really neat thing about this stuff is that ' s life . 
"this rna molecule is next presented as a blueprint to the ribosome ,  a protein that behaves like an all  - purpose factory . "
i ran into an old friend in a pub . 
epoxy acrylates are the work horses of the industry . 
could i book a ticket through to hainan island ? 
"some english proverbs are native to britain ,  for example ,  it never rains but it pours ,  a reference to the joys of the british weather ! "
the person who designed the form will have a huge influence
"well ,  he looked at me ,  and you should have .  .  . "
"sept .  12 ,  2010  -  -  need a little bling in your life ? "
"in another place ,  several text boxes are out of order ,  and sometimes illustrations are several pages away from the text that references them . "
pack your bags and make it snappy ;  we leave in five minutes . 
"the neuro - fuzzy network is adopt as fault classifier ,  and it can abstract each fuzzy reference model which describes the states of vontrol system by adaptively learning from the examples data offline . "
"where i’m from ,  minnesota ,  there is an uptown in minneapolis – an area called that because it had some ,  and does have some very nice ,  expensive houses there ,  and apartments . "
we debated on the question till late into the night . 
the ocean contains most of the exchangeable heat on the planet . 
"an evil gargoyle ,  once thought dead and banished forever ,  has returned with a vengeance . "
"and in the information era we all live in today , "
"go in and take possession of the land that the lord swore he would give to your fathers  -  - to abraham ,  isaac and jacob  -  -  and to their descendants after them . "
"the spokesman admits that the government ' s response was too slow ,  but says little about whether the local government worked to hush up the crisis . "
"only his facial twitches and the ghost of an old stammer gave the lie to his calm ,  avuncular image . "
"father connell ,  may he rot in hell . "
the vet really seemed on top of it . 
"under new government rules ,  the production of ultra - thin bags will be banned and their use in supermarkets forbidden . "
not so much to drink but to pick fights . 
you communists won ' t stop until you get what you want . 
why the fuck did you hug my head ? 
"or ,   "" we sell services to help somebody do x .  ""  you know ,  whatever . "
you can rest assured that your son will be happy here . 
a testator may revoke or alter a will he previously made . 
i don ' t think i could take it in my present condition .  .  .  or yours . 
i wanna share this composition for two reasons . 
he will submit an abstract of approximately 100 words . 
"to study the change of bolld coagulation and fiberprotein dissolving system in ami , at - ⅲag , fn , and fdp in 28 cases with ami were consecutively measured in 30 day onset .  compared with those in nomal controls and in angina pectoris patients .  at - ⅲag and fn in ami cases decreased significantly with in 72 hour onset , while fdp in ami increased markedly daring 30 day onset . "
"in addition ,  women also took part in collecting botanic foodstuff ,  selling wine and tea ,  etc . "
"boardwalk empire is coming back for a third season ,  hbo announced wednesday . "
"and so ,  as a child ,  i saw jam disappear from the breakfast table , "
"it is pointed out that the impurity of this titanium alloy tube is originated from metallurgy ,  that optimizing its forging and drawing process are the way improving property of this titanium alloy tube ,  multi plane glide because axial rate  ( c / a )  of hcp is lower than 1 . 63 is the main reason why the plasticity of this material is good . "
"the effects of aluminum bath temperature ,  immersion time and silicon content on hot dip aluminum for ht200 are studied . "
"about a decade ago ,  i wrote a story about vaccines"
libya ' s parliament has approved a new cabinet put forward by the prime minister ali zidan after weeks of political wrangling which led the dismiss of his predecessor . 
"the un refugee agency says the voluntary repatriation program has been a huge success .  it reports nearly 290 , 000 southern sudanese refugees have gone home since the operation began three years ago . "
clare giggles as i set down the wine and remove my tie .  i pass it over her eyes and tie it firmly at the back of her head . 
the article proposed the split  -  ring direct current manostat based on the switch type ac  -  dc transformation . 
"study design .  the association between lumbar facet joint inflammation and radiculopathy was inestigated using behaioral ,  histologic ,  and immunohistochemical testing in rats . "
"ernie ,  little old lady at 12 o ' clock ! "
"it ' s true ,  but we think that you don ' t through the baby out with the bathwater ; "
" "" and the refugees were coming with motivation ,  some skills in growing .  "" "
reporters all over the world feed the news to the radio . 
"at one point in his speech ,  colonel qaddafi waved aloft a copy of the united nations charter and seemed to tear it ,  saying he did not recognize the authority of the document .  speaking later in the day from the same podium ,  prime minister gordon brown of britain said ,   "" i stand here to reaffirm the united nations charter ,  not to tear it up .  "" "
"according to local daily newspaper ,  canal de mo çambique ,  the program ,  will receive us $ 628 million in financing from the mozambican state budget . "
how much you put into a relationship determines how much it will hurt when it ends . 
"but rather than dwell on the sadness of our parting ,  we’ll focus on our hopes for a brighter future — for him ,  and for us . "
"the result of carrying out the pro -  gramme shows that the interstice element method can properly and conveniently describe the contact state of drilling string and the well wall ,  and also can work out variable inclination force and variable direction force on the bit and the deformation of drill string by force . "
this is something they can use instead of a firearm
"but of course ,  that ' s not a great image either , "
"as far as birthday presents go ,  it sounds too good to be true . "
only for discussing about the winter sacrifice
" ( 6 )  to find a pretext to declare that the eighth route army has "" mutinied ""  ,  cancel its official designation ,  and order the arrest of chu teh and peng teh - huai . "
"the other thing is ,  that a piece of evidence is , "
it ' s just all the aggravation and everything and .  .  .  all the fights and all . 
and the obvious thing that ' s changing is its size . 
he always squeezes toothpaste in the middle of the tube and makes a big noise when eating . 
they too have been deaf to the voice of justice and of consanguinity . 
"sceptics agree with his premise ,  but scoff that innovation and autocracy do not mix . "
you don ' t need to eat off it . 
thought you wanted me to complete a mission . 
parted are those who are singing today
nobody gets hurt if you listen to me . 
students with more than four absences shall be automatically from the class . 
the colonel was one of the richest nabobs of his day . 
i need you to do the same thing to him that he was going to do to you . 
three years ago she was in braces . 
former drug control officials have commented that the victory will be short lived .  they predict the obama administration would either stop the initiatives up front or challenge the laws in court . 
"williams syndrome is marked by heart defects ,  mental retardation ,  and a lack of social anxiety that produces exceedingly friendly human beings . "
10 .  gary whitehill supplements the wall street journal with dozens of rss feeds . 
"it included a line about the us accepting some risk in fights with superpowers in order to win asymmetric ,  unconventional conflicts . "
compliances is the deflection resulting from the application of force  ( is the inverse of stiffness )  . 
"wearing a light bluewetsuitthat matches the colour of the sea will make you less likely to become the victim of a shark attack ,  according to researchers . "
i want to show you this clip because i do this kind of crazy thing
"new serial silk denim singly woven or interwoven with such materials as spun silk ly ,  regular noil silk and air - textured noil silk not only enriches degummed denim variety ,  but also improves its quality . "
a table was produced on the basis of the components as suggested . 
"by holding the rocks in both hands ,  to strike one against the other . "
"“graduating is a very emotional experience as you’re about to leave your comfort zone and say goodbye to everything you’re familiar with , ” says xie . "
"then nine disperse dyes in three colors were synthesized with 4 - chloride aniline ,  4 - nitro aniline ,  2 - cyano - 4 - nitro - 6 - bromine aniline as azo components individually . "
they ' re not radically different from routers inside the middle of the network . 
"in catching fire ,  katniss everdeen  ( jennifer lawrence )  and co - winner peeta mellark  ( josh hutcherson )  are about to go on a nationwide tour celebrating their victory in the 74th annual hunger games . "
"with your student id ,  you can make the best of these discounts and get better deals . "
i don ' t love boundaries but i can do them . 
here are three of the biggest questions sparked by the recent economic and fiscal troubles : 
and you ' ve got to be able to deal with that . 
the defendant protested that he had never been near the scene of the crime . 
and he noticed that for weddings and funerals there
this boy here in the middle of central india  -  - 
"it is also becoming an astute user of social media  ( dating back to 2010 and its rise in public sentiment )  and advertising ,  showing the world that asian companies can also hire smart creative agencies .  apple sits above social media . "
"spending at home must still rise sharply and sustainably ,  relative to growth of potential output . "
about graduation thesis reply practice and ponder in open education
a process of dynamic relocation in which contiguous segments are moved to one end of the memory to combine all unused storage at the other end . 
"the move comes amid a scandal engulfing mizuho ,  japan’s second - biggest financial group by assets ,  which said last month that it had supplied gang members with loans via orient corp ,  a consumer - finance affiliate . "
"our research work focus on the following aspects :  1 image filtering ,  binarization thinning and handwriting are studied . "
"in terms of the horse race ,  an incumbent president  ( especially if he is without a primary challenger )  usually has a head start . "
the new  [ aero -  generator ]  turbine is based on semi -  submersible oil platform technology and does not have the same weight constraints as a normal wind turbine . 
i will know what it is like to walk in another person’s shoes . 
"i don ' t know of any better service to offer for the short time we are in the world  .  ( thomas edison  ,  american inventor ) "
i was already thinking about gettin '  to the airport . 
that ' s gone into the internet and communications and so on  -  - 
"of course ,  i ' ve also told you that one of the important things they do"
"according to daily mail september 30 :  when he spotted a mark on his apartment window ,  this chap just had to pop out to give the glass a quick wipe with a squeegee . "
"she ' s given a case number ,  a bracelet ,  a hospital gown . "
"like the lambs ,  or he can make hay for the winter . "
the results from aligned sequences of the mitochondrial d -  loop and nd5 support the south china tiger was the most ancient among the these three subspecies of tigers . 
"murph ,  we really have to have conversations like this more often . "
expectant mothers may not do work connected with radioactive isotopes . 
it is an essential pillar to this country ' s recovery . 
nothing ' s gonna happen while we ' re standing in the lift . 
the cia also interested in neuropeptides ;  these have profound effects when administered within a conditioning paradigm . 
"because i have no interest in standing in the rose room of the pasadena marriot ,  in front of a group of judgmental strangers who wouldn ' t recognise true genius if it was standing in front of them giving a speech . "
"on the issue of opening up new routes ,  she also said that taag would also have twice weekly flights to addis ababa ( ethiopia )  ,  as part of a deal signed with ethiopian airlines . "
" "" that would never do !  ""  her companion put out a restraining hand . "
"it is estimated that the country has the capacity to produce around 40 million liters of biodiesel per year ,  as well as 21 million liters of ethanol ,  in an area of around 5 million hectares . "
"maximum loaf volume can be obtained at the optimum combination ofwater absorption and mixing time  ( 65 %  ,  5min )  ,  according to the regression equation of the volume .  combining the equation with practical conditions ,  the optimum absorption level and mixing time were 64 %  ,  5min . "
"according to fernando ,  mozambique faces difficulties in securing credit ,  has a weak road network and often has an erratic electricity supply ,  although the latter problem is likely to disappear once the electricity network based on the cahora bassa hydroelectric dam is extended to the rest of the country . "
you ' re supposed to wash  ' em first ! 
"i can ' t let you do that ,  bartleby . "
scribbled notes said her voice had brought goose bumps and that her greatness will always be remembered . 
they have everything needed to recreate any of the items described here . 
you have the right to remain silent . 
"if the 44m people who are unemployed in the mainly rich members of the oecd lived in one country ,  its population would be similar to spain’s . "
and then you can ' t find anybody that compared to her . 
13 .  use your hands more confidently instead of fidgeting with your hands and scratching your face use them to communicate what you are trying to say . 
"anthony fauci ,  head of america ' s national institute of allergy and infectious diseases ,  says the american government has been funding many such firms in preparation for bioterrorism and pandemics . "
nivia :  why are you shaking your fingers that way ? 
"ca :  you know ,  it ' s not richard branson .  it ' s sir richard branson . "
a regional groundwater quality evaluation software was developed to analyze distributed dynamic data groundwater quality evaluation . 
"the solution of above two problemsis using greedy payment algorithm and n - divisibility algorithm .  bydiscussing them in two situations such as being unlimited and being limitedin denomination ,  it proves above two algorithm feasibility and efficiencyrespectively . "
the measles and chicken pox vaccines also are made from a live attenuated virus . 
"the fourth part is the most important part of all this article ,  it is the comparative research towards the diplomacy thoughts towards america of the three corn generations ,  point out its different and same parts . "
the new ambassador is expected to present his credentials tomorrow . 
"professor graves ,  one of australia ' s most influential scientists ,  believes that women will win the battle of the sexes . "
"under this background ,  since the 1990s , some developing countries have loosen restriction of capital account in succession and tried to advance the process of their economy’s liberalization . "
"it ' s all conveyor belt ,  and it makes a book . "
"if he ever thought badly of me for needing something from haiti ,  this place where so many people already needed so much ,  he never let it show . "
is the interface to the functioning of peter ' s mind taking place . 
i am god half of the side my mother . 
why should you stop complaining ?  here are three reasons that i believe — if you truly understand them — will help you move forward and live a less stressful life : 
"then they stirred ,  and lifted their heads wearily ,  and gazed at each other wistfully ,  dreamily ,  dazed ;  then presently began to twaddle to each other in a wandering and childish way . "
and then we thought of the most simple solution we could
"as the oil in mozambique is only at the prospecting stage ,  the doubt remains as to whether pr not there are commercially - viable reserves . "
it ' s okay ;  you were being a good friend . 
the result of the poll won ' t be known until midnight . 
and we also are eating meat that comes from some of these same places . 
to follow ;  to tread behind ;  to pursue after ;  to dangle after
"two years ago ,  tammet became famous for reciting pi to 22 ,  514 decimal places with the same ease that the rest of us can reel off 3 . 142 . "
her highness is so very sensitive to smells . 
and yet it ' s a skill that none of us are taught . 
"something as simple as playing with blocks side - by - side and encouraging a child to replicate your stacks and structures can teach spatial skills ,  says kelly mix ,  a professor of educational psychology at michigan state university . "
it ' s because iwanna be with you . aln ' t that enough ? 
" "" their questions are mainly about divisions of property rather than about custody issues . "
"restore us ,  o lord god almighty ;  make your face shine upon us ,  that we may be saved . "
"then the next level down ,  we feed him  "" i will create something for myself .  "" "
i figured out a way to get you in . 
"but get ready for the mp3 player in your hand to get much smaller ,  the size of a band - aid ,  to be specific . "
"out of the way ,  get out of the way ! "
" "" if there ' s something very timely we need to talk about right away ,  not having to track someone down is helpful ,  ""  she says .   "" serendipity is important ,  that interaction .  ""  she ' s also found that  "" it ' s hard to manage people virtually ,  ""  likening it to what gets done in a classroom when there ' s a substitute teacher . "
i know this strategy works because i ' ve been in this situation . 
how easy it is to make this impatience go away by simply changing
i can talk to these people . 
"now you think you know what ' s coming ,  michael  -  -  you don ' t ,  ok ? "
"finally ,  i would like to emphasize that the above - mentioned problems have not disappeared since the present japanese invasion . "
" "" the arctic is the planet ' s air conditioner and it ' s starting to break down ,  ""  he said . "
"but one theory holds that this superstition arises from a christian belief in the holy trinity :  since a ladder leaning against a wall forms a triangle ,   "" breaking ""  that triangle was blasphemous . "
young people no longer rely on physical relationships to fulfill their emotional needs and prefer engaging in the wealth of activities on offer in a city . 
you ever try juggling and driving the car with your knees
here ' s a pic from the set !  do you like my hair better long or short ?  !   ;  -  ) 
i say my culpa for breaking the rule of obedience .  .  .  by not stopping work when i heard the bell . 
"for example ,  johansen says ,  the latest statistics reflect the growing emphasis on higher education ,  with a threefold increase in the percentage of college graduates over the last half - century . "
"if this is true ,  if these babies are designed to learn  -  - "
"the outstanding balances with related companies are unsecured ,  non  -  interest bearing and repayable on demand . "
he listened to his friend .  .  .  a grigori by the name of bartleby . 
"though their loan recipients were high - risk by ordinary standards , "
"some of the men i interviewed were dismayed when ,  after finally landing an interview ,  all the interviewer wanted to talk about was how lucky they were to have had time at home with their child or children . "
"iceberg by iceberg ,  turning into global sea level rise . "
"for square area lights ,  you have to set only one samples value  ( samples )  . "
"for chrissakes ,  garber ,  you gonna tell us what his zodiac sign is now ? "
the contrast study of p - possum and possum scoring system in predicting the mortality and morbidity in the aged patients underwent total hip arthroplasty
"french people like keeping it simple ,  so fruit and cheese are quite common at picnics . "
not that many people are looking to pop open
2 .  a college degree is an open sesame to a job . 
douglas said governors are approaching the issue in a bipartisan way .  he said they all want to improve the health and well  - being of their constituents . 
"yet beyond the cooing and the loving ,  i ' ve di scovered ,  the maternity ward is actually ground zero for a trans atlantic cultu re clash ovr childbirth . "
"anne now keeps company with roger ,  although he is not yet divorced from his legal wife . "
"i ' m going to let you make decisions .  i ' m going to empower you , "
"as an entrepreneur ,  paul buchheit  -  -  who is one of the partners at y combinator and the creator of gmail  -  -  always said build something that a few people absolutely love rather than build something that a lot of people just kind of like .  for any startup entrepreneur those are some of the wisest words because it ' s easy to push out something that ' s kind of good ,  but it ' s really ,  really hard to push out something that ' s amazing .  that ' s what you should strive for . "
"i only have one apple ,  so i will go halves with you . "
by 2020 more than 30 million men of legal marrying age in the country may not be able to get married . 
the process of stock accumulation and disposal shall be financially transparent . 
"and if you go into the library you could find books on topics that we are discussing here ,  and you could read on your own . "
understating inflation does not suppress the discontent it causes . 
"that accusation was bolstered by a report the new york - based human rights watch released on wednesday .  the group says it has found evidence that odm leaders and local elders incited and organized ethnic attacks ,  mainly on members of president kibaki ' s ethnic kikuyu tribe ,  in kenya ' s western rift valley . "
thousands of new businesses have sprung up in the past two years . 
they ' re learning to flex this system that releases their own endogenous opiates . 
we ask for indulgence for 6 days to make a counteroffer . 
 #  the sun is out i ' m so happy i could scream
without those grants the new stadium won ' t materialise unless liverpool find a new sugar daddy . 
"have helped us to understand that ,  after all ,  there is no sharp line"
"sb : the fact that it says  "" safety ""  rather than  "" security ""  it ' s like ,   "" we are not here to keep the world out ,  but simply to ensure the safety of everyone who is visiting here . "
"the basic rocks have higher nd values and lower isr ratios which plot roughly along the mantle array and its extension to the crustal side .  such sr and nd isotopic characters are interpreted by an afc process ,  i . e .  the parent mantle - derived alkaline - rich basaltic magma was assimilated by ancient lower crustal component during the fractional crystallization . "
then you ' re of no use to me . 
the truth is i -  i like it here . 
"the eyeless creature at the other table swallowed it fanatically ,  passionately ,  with a furious desire to track down ,  denounce ,  and vaporize anyone who should suggest that last week the ration had been thirty grammes . "
"pyongyang has received energy and economic aid in return for complying with disarmament steps ,  but has not yet complied with a declaration agreement that was due at the end of 2007 . "
"however ,  jan ,  who works for cofco’s strategy department ,  found that his concerns were unfounded .  so many people at cofco speak english ,  and his supervisor is a harvard graduate .  he’s found he can breathe again . "
"i found the other words for letters from a to z ,  here is it ,  please try to do them ,  our living will be very good . "
"so nobody has any idea where the spike is ,  all right ? "
"and so i realized that i had a responsibility to more than just me , "
" ( 3 ) melted body of interfacial zone of explosive welding ta2 - q235b is fastened on eddy in the front of wave ,  and melted body of l2 - q235b is found in the interface in the form of continuous interlayer or eddy ,  and melted body contain rigid and crisp inter - metallic compounds which assume mini - crystal or non - crystal . "
"a second freeview license was granted to private operator tiver ,  which has not yet begun broadcasting ,  the online version of newspaper a semana said . "
"we find out that although the pattern we get is very intricate , "
"no ,  no ,  don ' t hit my precious baby . "
"over the last four years ,  the college in north dakota had issued diplomas to 400 foreign students despite their failure to complete the required coursework . "
"in fact ,  the real menace of cholera was in the water supply and not in the air . "
"however ,  i think that one can abandon oneself to new experiences when overseas without treating one ' s training with abandon . "
all the committee members present are all behind you in this sale  -  promotion strategy . 
they ' re not shy of hyperbole as you can see . 
"alright ,  so what is the nitty gritty on coat color inheritance ? "
"rather than binding from invocation to type to implementation ,  they bind a message name to an object . "
"anybody with five or less digits ,  you ' ve got to sit down , "
" "" madam fu ying is a rare specimen in the ranks of chinese diplomacy ,  ""  he said ,  adding that she is female ,  comes from an ethnic group  -  she was born in inner mongolia  -  and took up a new post in beijing in 2010 as only the second female vice - foreign minister since the founding of the people ' s republic in 1949 . "
"the results showed that yolk weight and yolk percentage were decreased ,  but albumen percentage and haugh unit were increased . "
"when i was 18 ,  i went to the monastery ,  where they let me take my vows . "
this is good news for their partners because stress can seriously lower libido and stressed couples tend to avoidintimacyand fight more often . 
a patient is injected with small amounts the allergy  -  causing substance . 
there ' s two factories of this scale in the same town . 
is actually  -  -  that feelings get in the way of empire - building . 
angelina jolie on the cover of esquire magazine is re - imagined as the famous face of venus in botticelli ' s classic painting the birth of venus and vermeer ' s girl with a pearl earring has keira knightley ' s face from the cover of interview magazine . 
"look ,  he ' s probably outside under the chair . "
"but when we went to speak with her ,  when we took this photograph , "
attapulgite clay is a kind of mine that taking attapulgite as basis . 
but each one is tempted when he is carried away and enticed by his own lust . 
talking about these mistakes because we ' ll spend all day here . 
you can go to the count 2 to choose some medicines for stomach heat removing . 
did crab say what they wanted in return ? 
strife in nature is but disorder longing for order . 
"don ' t waste your time on a man / woman ,  who isn ' t willing to waste their time on you .   <  ?  $ m ~ v ? "
"come on ,  get over on the end here . "
"her mind in a daze ,  she seemed to see her younger son qiu bao -  plump ,  white and lovely -  curled up beside her ,  but as she stretched out her arms to embrace him ,  she saw it was chun bao ,  who had just fallen asleep . "
"instead of saying ,   "" oh yes ,  i was a playwright ,  and this is what blah blah blah ,  "" "
" "" modern family ""  returns on sept .  24 at 9 p .  m .  et / pt on abc . "
jerome kerviel reportedly made trades in european stock index derivatives . 
"you know ?  again ,  there ' s just no interface here .  the interface just disappears . "
doctors will therefore have immediate access to a great many facts which will help them in their work . 
"the covers are intended to tap into the soaring popularity of the young - adult genre ,  the most robustly growing category in publishing .  in the last decade ,  publishers have poured energy and resources into books for teenagers ,  releasing more titles each year .  bookstores have followed suit ,  creating and expanding spe - cial sections devoted to them . "
the extreme thinness of saturn ' s rings can be appreciated from frames taken near the crossing time . 
we ' re bringing along an article of clothing .  .  .  that i know you ' il recognize . 
the second chapter analyzes the existing international legislation of foreign bank deliberately . 
we can hear the crackle of the wood on the fire in the next room . 
"go - to clothingstaples that are shining littleemblemsof who you really are ,  of which were chosen and bought not because they were a trend but because they fit in more ways than just size . "
"rg :  and that ' s when it ' s great to be running a website for parents , "
so we figured we ' d hire this person  -  -  when we got there he could
"no ,  no ,  no ,  the next one is actually blue ,  to your left , "
objective to study the effects of vitamin k on bone metabolize in simulated weightlessness rats . 
"in ancient india ,  sanskrit writings describe a similar method of kissing ,  and anthropologists have suggested that india is actually the birthplace of kissing as we know it today . "
"accident and emergency departments of major public hospitals had 2521359 attendances ,  or 6908 per day . "
"now ,  something like this can be used because this"
 ' the compete record of the most earth - shattering invention ever .  .  . 
we all need to learn to settle accounts quickly and with clarity of thought . 
you just put your prints all over them . 
"according to mr chouinard ,  the new  "" benefit corporation "" —usually referred to as a b corp—creates the legal framework for firms like his to remain true to their social goals . "
i can ' t come to the cinema tonight — i ' m a bit ' strapped for cash . 
the purpose of the official inquiry was to come at the true facts of the event . 
hackathons have become one of the more visible and creative ways that technology companies are recruiting top technology talent . 
"a widow with a child was at a disadvantage with these pretty minxes ,  she thought . "
"so ,  when i get those calls about performance ,  that ' s one thing . "
" "" if you can begin to understand an accomplishment in detail ,  and be able to talk about what makes it work ,  you will begin to know why your sentences work or don ' t work ,  ""  fish explains . "
"tell him he ' s going to be ok ,  manny . "
"in addition ,  you can a type must have a parameterless constructor . "
i don ' t see why they should be niggling over paying a few pounds into the fund . 
"the palestinian islamist movement hamas ,  which controls the gaza strip and opposes a peace treaty with israel ,  said the award was premature at best . "
"i wish the die - hard gentlemen would spare a moment from the work of "" restricting communism ""  ,  "" corroding communism ""  and "" combating communism ""  ,  in which the are so gleefully engaged ,  to glance through this manifesto . "
"that we ,  in our arrogance ,  used to think was just human . "
i was frustrated  -  -  i was working as a software engineer
the amount of oil and dispersants that we are putting into it
i see stars and he sees fireworks . 
try to stay aware of how you ' re treating the people in your life . 
i don ' t know how she copes with looking after her family and doing a full - time job . 
president nicolas maduro has time and again accused the united states of trying to destabilize the venezuelan government，
the team publish their results in a letter to the journal monthly notices of the royal astronomical society . 
what can i do to make you feel better ? 
father always put a lot of stress on table manners . 
i got this delightful letter with a picture of the baby
"or it occurred to my mind that if i only could be like the honey bee , "
"roberto coelho da silva said that an alliance in the fertiliser sector between the two organisations would be the main strategic partnership that cooperativism could offer ,  because fertilisers are the basis of sustainability for producers ' business . "
"i hate to tell you ,  but this is my grandson . "
"the family is prepared to waive liability ,  all right ? "
doro no magic secrets all over the phase
a constellation in the northern hemisphere near pegasus and aquila . 
"so far as the difference between gods and men is concerned ,  the gods merely had divine powers of hurling thunderbolts in heaven and raising vegetation on earth ,  were immortal ,  and drank nectar instead of wine the fruits were pretty much the same .  one feels one can be intimate with this crowd ,  can go hunting with a knapsack on one ' s back with apollo or athene ,  or stop mercury on the way and chat with him as with a western union messenger boy ,  and if the conversation gets too interesting ,  we can imagine mercury saying ,  "" yeah .  okay . "
so she ' ll think of me when she looks at the time . 
i haven ' t heard of him for ages ;  perhaps he is not alive now . 
don ' t impose yourself on people who don ' t want you . 
"anyway ,  so i really enjoyed writing it ,  and that ' s kind of a history of the book . "
"vocational education is an indispensable component of modern education ,  and the mainstay in state industrialisation ,  production socialisation ,  and modernisation . "
"not physically , but you ' re both saying with eye contact how much you long for the taste of each other ' s lips . "
i need something to use as a mallet . 
i don ' t believe that our mother tongue is inferior to any other language in the world . 
"the high stern castle was a riot of carved gods ,  demons ,  knights ,  kings ,  warriors ,  mermaids ,  cherubs and zoomorphic animal shapes ablaze with rea and gold and blue ,  symbols of courage ,  power ,  and cruelty ,  were portrayed to stir the imaginations of the superstitious sailors of the day . "
"rebecca chiao :   "" every time we get a report ,  we ' ll send a response to the person reporting with a list of services that they can contact if they need help with legal aid or how to make a police report or  [ find ]  psychological help .  "" "
"in order to reduce mistakes ,  the referee and the assistant referee makes strict division and cooperates tacitly . "
"in the same period ,  taxes charges by the guangdong provincial government ,  which account for one seventh of all taxes collected in china ,  reached 248 billion yuan ( us $ 31 . 15 billion )  ,  or a 19 . 68 percent rise on the first six months of 2005 . "
one moment in a televised debate will go down in campaign history . 
"you had to have an even better imagination to play this game , "
because i ' m often asked if there are any animals in the project . 
opening the door has compromised her hibernation . 
angola also recently announced that its national airline taag would launch flights between luanda and beijing . 
"so i want to get in the machine ,  and i want to go forward . "
kaos has been defunct for 20 years . 
"if we could only figure out how to grab that person by the throat , "
"where are you crawling to ,  you fucking cockroach ? "
"known as the father of china ' s great firewall for helping develop tools that keep internet users in the country from surfing websites available elsewhere ,  mr .  fang is facing a fresh line of criticism in the wake of allegations by former u . s .  defense contractor edward snowden that american intelligence agencies regularly compromised chinese servers . "
"i remember how you used to hold me ,  how i used to sit on your face and wriggle ,  and .  .  .  afterwards ,  how we ' d watch till the sun came up . "
jefferson had been copying the phrase from a newly written virginia constitution that used word subject . 
"the world is our home and we care for our home ,  we treat it with respect because it ' s where we live and where our children will live and their children . "
"mccormack said the chief u . s .  ,  south korean and japanese envoys to the talks will discuss the status of the nuclear talks in a three - way meeting in washington monday . "
"just as impressive ,  and more important commercially ,  are four ultra deepwater drill - ships coming off the line at samsung heavy industries . "
"from political oppression ,  civil war ,  foreign invasions ,  poverty ,  famine . "
"oyster ,  backed by peter thiel of founders fund ,  hunch co - founder chris dixon ,  and others ,  may be a temporary panacea :  it offers the most aesthetically pleasing smartphone reading experience to date .  the app provides a channel to more than 100 , 000 books on your phone .  for  $ 9 . 95 ,  you get unlimited access to books and can add or drop any at any time  ( the app saves the last 10 you ' ve opened for offline reading )  .  in theory ,  the service could be a godsend to avid readers :  a turbo - charged ,  24 - hour mobile library -  -  personalized .  of course ,  google  ( goog )  and amazon  ( amzn )  loom large as giants that could ,  it would seem ,  make oyster obsolete with great ease  ( particularly amazon with its formidable e - library )  .  but ignoring the business implications for a moment ,  i wanted to evaluate oyster simply on a user experience basis ,  as someone who reads a couple novels each week and usually prefers to do it on dead - tree material . "
the bush administration says what is taking place in darfur is genocide .  condoleezza rice says the best way to end the bloodshed is to augment the african union contingent already there . 
do you easily lose heart when you are in trouble ? 
i  -  i ' m not just some plucky girl you can string along ! 
the setting sun is reflected from the windows of the alms  -  house as brightly as from the rich man ' s abode ; 
"i know that they were tougher for a lot of people , "
"in comparison with earths ,  demand for minor metals is less beholden to china ,  traders say . "
you really think he ' s allergic to two antibiotics ? 
"according to sebasti ão ,  the road is one of the main economic development corridors in the provinces and is an important component of tourism . "
this is officially now the most secure bathroom break in the history of law enforcement . 
abstract :  experiment was conducted with brazil banana cuhivar（musa aaa cavendish subgroup cv . 
"if the machinery were not maintained properly ,  it would get rusty as time passes . "
"because i was with sheila last night ,  i had a hard - on you could swing from . "
"mr .  northcott ,  youasked me to come here . "
 ' cause mr .  dante ' s neverseen a donkey show . 
but some good shit ' s gonna come from this . 
one dab with blotting  - paper and the ink was dry . 
"cover the wok ,  and braise for 10 minutes over medium low heat until the potatoes are quite tender . "
stavudine is phosphorylated by cellular kinases to the active metabolite stavudine triphosphate . 
her school fees are 440 a term ;  music and dancing are extras . 
"among them ,  o  -  methyl  -  2  -  chloro  -  5  -   ( 4  -  chloro  -  l  -  methyl  -  5  -  trifluoromethyl  -  lh  -  pyrazol  -  3  -  yl )   -  4  - "
it is all clear from the error information .  try to use coarser resolution . 
that would require a lot of money . 
she glanced at the sleeping child and then hurried away . 
figure above :  company general manager mr .  shi yong and foreign discussion service . 
"but if we are to be prepared for it ,  we must first shed our fear of it . "
"well ,  even if you don ' t win it . "
"and if i stack these guys up ,  then we see the differences ;  the increase"
should ' ve loved him when you had the chance . 
"cannot apply total function ,  reverting to count of elements"
"the act of threatening to reveal personal information ,  esp .  sexual scandals ,  in order to extract money . "
"the next time you tweet something someone else said or wrote without attributing it to them ,  you might want to think twice . "
"and actually move forward ,  instead of just having encounter and encounter , "
a study of many globular clusters gives another important bit of information . 
i hate you all so very much ! 
"do not pervert justice or show partiality .  do not accept a bribe ,  for a briblinds the eyes of the wise and twists the words of the righteous . "
"he references one of his biggest mistakes as giving veto power to two investors on his board of directors ,  who abused that power and blocked him from doing good deals sometimes . "
this bread is more delicious than that in the box . 
that ' s what i was actually going for . 
i don ' t give a goddamn what the story is . 
"ladies and gentlemen ,  i ' d like to start by thanking you for your sympathy and prayers . "
"went up to the floor ,  the second floor ,  and said :   "" hey ,  guys . "
america has warned e - cigarette manufacturers not to make health claims . 
wine exports represent a tiny fraction of the ￠433 . 6bn in bilateral trade between china and the eu . 
"fan pu gui zhen >  >  :  it means when one return to the natural and has a kind of innocent mind of a child ,  he can taste the joy of life . "
the most impressive find is the nearly complete skeleton of a huge columbian mammoth . 
"but seeing them ,  the colors ,  and what they ' ve done with light . "
"were the most powerful hearing aids on the market at the time , "
the united states must appear second to none in its desire for disarmament . 
we were really mad at my mom .  we looked out the window . 
well in most cases it never gets this far . 
recovery tests of standard addition in chinese gallnut samples showed an average recovery of 100 . 6 %  . 
this is pretty much the worst video ever made . 
if the direction of writing is right to left or left to right ? 
they follow little coal creek trail through alpine meadows overlooking a river bright with glacial silt . 
"but they are all too familiar with its aftermath :  the crippling recession ,  which made it all but impossible for many young people to get a first foothold in the job market ,  and the achingly slow recovery that has left the prosperity of their parents '  generation out of reach  -  -  perhaps permanently . "
"so far as the expenses are concerned ,  we saved as much as 50 , 000 yuan . "
"methods intraoperative and postoperative characteristics of 54 patients undergoing tah ,  45 undergoing vh and 51 treated with tlh were analyzed retrospectively ,  including surgery time ,  blood loss ,  complications and postoperative hospitalizing days . "
we mustn ' t hold against him that he has been in prison . 
my job is just to keep her perfect  -  - 
"jay z used to rap about  "" playing guts on the cruise ""  in the days before he could afford to rent his own boat ,  back when he still touted izod bucket hats and hadn ' t yet discovered tom ford suits .  hip - hop pioneer fab 5 freddy remembers him playing the game with a handful of nba basketball players on the ride to rucker park summer league games in 2003 . "
"the company is present in 12 countries including ,  mozambique ,  angola ,  the united arab emirates ,  spain ,  south africa ,  france ,  belgium ,  bulgaria ,  brazil ,  morocco and mexico . "
"before retorting to his on -  screen partner ,  “actually ,  that ain ' t a bad way to pick up insurance y’know .  ” ,  all in his unique new york parlance . "
"by 1992 he was back in favour at the treasury ,  joining the panel of independent forecasters known as the “six wise men” . "
"and then i can feel the brain inside ,  and this will be the slushy like this . "
a pool of implements for the use of all the workers on the estate ;  forming a pool of our talents . 
"it can ' t feel anything ,  it doesn ' t have a brain ,  yet it can maneuver"
"perhaps it might be a nice morning to do something educational with grayer , "
"queiroz now cannot wait to work with nani ,  20 ,  and anderson ,  19 ,  honing their potential . "
"too many leaders look alike ,  think alike and act alike .  it ' s almost as if courageous leadership has been bled out of many of those holding positions of leadership .  great numbers of leaders seem to have wandered off course and are badly in need of a road map to help them regain their bearing .  i have recently authored a new book ,  hacking leadership  ( wiley )  ,  which is being released next monday  ( 12  /  16 )  .  it ' s my hope this book will serve as just that road map . "
"ca :  now ,  incredible footage you showed of the viper being killed . "
"no ,  honey ,  honey ,  it could be denis . "
"it just ,  uh ,  kind of spoke to me . "
i wrote computer programs to make complex graphics like this . 
"yoru wo matsu no wa mou yameyou yasunde mo ii sa chikara tameyou stop waiting for night ,  it ' s okay to take a rest ,  save your strength . "
"and i can remember ,  actually ,  when i got the phone call to congratulate us , "
i ' m gonna start by doing some interviews there . 
"bone dry ,  this wine ,  from the winery ' s hilly estate vineyard in the northeast quadrant of rutherford ,  will develop beyond 2012 . "
"a few years ago ,  i was in a food market in the town where i grew up"
"and we will work with industry and hospitals and research centers in the united states and around the world ,  to recover thousands of unneeded radiological materials so that they can never do us harm . "
"and they found it ,  and ,  in fact ,  they found lots of it right here . "
"for most programmers ,  the most important change is the new syntax for declaring and defining functions . "
"adopting the content variation of liquid hydrocarbon s _ 1 , heavy hydrocarbon s _ 2 , total hydrocarbon s _ 1 + s _ 2 of pyrolysis parameters , plus unit oil bearing thickness , setting up single logarithmic grid relationship , to obtain its linear regression equation , then through mathematical changing to get the reservoir productivity equation . "
i do not am going to clean shit . 
imitation and practice  -  -  that is a definition of human culture . 
junfeng yang .  legal english comprehension course book .  qinghua university publishing house .  september of 2005 . 
water freezes at 32 degrees fahrenheit  ( 32 f )  or zero / nought degrees celsius  ( 0 c )  . 
but the numbersoaredas checks were made on those who had died in her care over the last seven years . 
my parents did put .  .  .  the first two down payments on my childhood . 
he walks by stick because of his cripple leg . 
"lopes also said that there had been discussions about the expansion and modernization of the rail and metro systems in the rio de janeiro metropolitan region ,  which are due to be implemented this year . "
the new stadium is on the farther side of the river . 
"his ingenious mind instantly suggested a way by which the baronet could be done to death ,  and yet it would be hardly possible to bring home the guilt to the real murderer . "
that ' s how i solved it in my head .  it was a white paper i handed out to governments . 
"just like inception  -  cobb ,  come on . "
that you are coming to see him again two dry
"so with that said ,  we only have a very ,  very short time . "
mr mugabe told his supporters that those who opposed his stance against homosexuality and same - sex marriage could go to hell  . 
"and ,  if you ' re going to make a personal opera ,  what about a personal instrument ? "
inspector pritchard will be hours in the interrogation room but the fact is we ' il never really know for certain . 
the word “temper”  ( temper )  refers sometimes to how easily you get angry or mad . 
"at the center of reform agenda , providing free education to students all the way up to the university level . "
your remarks do not bear on the matter in hand . 
but how very proud we are of you . 
i come up with half of my blog post ideas while i am cooking  ( the other half i get while running )  so you can use cooking to come up with new ideas for your life . 
are you going to be able to resist that if it doesn ' t have any overt side effects ? 
"so ,  this area is about eight times the size in higher  -  - "
the women say they have heard many general reports about radiation since the disaster in march . 
i know that we have systematically annihilated the girl cell . 
"so stay with me ,  because it does circle around and back . "
she got tired of having so many things to take care of and couldn '  t even find a good reason for doing all the routine work at home . 
and daddy brought elder revels to the christmas family celebration . 
"and by  "" why ""  i don ' t mean  "" to make a profit .  "" "
"first of all ,  how good is it ?  well ,  it ' s pretty good .  it isn ' t perfect , "
it ' should be clear to a reader of any degree of initiation . 
"the number of retail cashiers has dropped ,  an indication that internet shopping and self - checkout systems may be eroding another occupation . "
"now ,  we normally think of tibet as a highland . "
the headteacher was wrathful with the children ' s unruly behavior . 
"woven mohair fabric ,  containing 85 %  or more by weight of combed angora goat hair  ( excl .  pile and chenille fabrics ) "
the history of surgical procedures for treatment of obesity would strongly suggest that apposition of the anterior and posterior walls of the stomach alone will not result in sustained weight loss . 
"stepfathers ,  uncles ,  grandfathers ,  and adult male friends are all be honored on father ' s day . "
cmh is in turn a subsidiary 70 percent controlled by enh empresa nacional de hidrocarbonatos .  the rest of the capital is in the hands of the mozambican state ( 20 percent )  and private shareholders ( 10 percent )  . 
the actor entered rehab last may for snorting heroin . 
"i don ' t want to see you ever again ,  you coward !   "" "
but watch what happens when we make some of them disappear .  right . 
"and the hot air engine also was not invented by robert stirling , "
she made it to the top on her smarts . 
"i gotta clear these obstacles ,  make holes for the tanks . "
"the funeral of the former ethiopian prime minister meles zenawi will be held on sunday ,  september 2 . "
"it is da vinci code ,  and it is hang group"
if the supplier refuses this method then send a crew onboard the bunker barge in order to monitor closely sampling procedure carried out by suppliers from start to end . 
i ' il pray for the soviet criminals to be punished .  .  . 
the tv show was interrupted by too many commercials . 
some 42 per cent of women have had accidents in their heels - tv presenter carol vorderman broke her nose in a fall . 
"freelancing prepares you for a professional career ahead .  it also harnesses your skills ,  and for those who catch on fast and who are willing to learn new things ,  the sky is the limit . "
"and with china ,  russia ,  japan and india all feeling their strength ,  the region ' s powers are beginning to divide into two broad alliances . "
a throw of two dice in which the same number of dots appears on the upper face of each . 
"that one particular cocktail of chemo could be effective , "
i asked you specifically to stay in the car . 
"i / don ' t wanna be rude ,  but i gotta go .   /  -  stanley ,  old  / buddy . "
be sure to look in on us next time you ' re in town . 
the 500 - year - old document was found inside an unrelated book in a university library in munich . 
"emil ,  i got a good feature on the manhunt . "
"d :  no ,  i dun really like being naked that much .   ( really ?  )  i am sorry ,  i have no idea . "
"as one might very well suppose ,  the four allegorical personages were somewhat fatigued after having travelled over three parts of the globe without finding an opportunity of disposing suitably of their golden dolphin . "
the next generation of computers will integrate knowledge engineering into their programming in order to solve complex problems in a way that more closely resembles human reasoning . 
we anticipate that we will meet a certain amount of resistance to our plan . 
many farmers are leaving the land to work in industry . 
we oughtto figure out what we want to tell them . 
many of you will have heard of the slow food movement . 
"the united states and south korea have been close allies since japanese occupation forces on the korean peninsula were defeated at the end of world war ii .  about 28 , 000 u . s .  forces are stationed here ,  to deter a repeat of communist north korea ' s 1950 invasion .  however ,  the alliance was widely perceived to have suffered during the roh administration ,  primarily over different perceptions of the north . "
you can scoot put down your roots
"there was a small boy living on a farm ,  he needed to get up before sunrise every morning to start his chores and out again later to do the evening ones . "
otherwise you ' il still be out on the street . 
"you ' d do very well at a spiritual retreat that encourages meditation ,  prayer and introspection . "
"maybe it would be a study when we weren ' t having an atomic war , "
"and one of the most tedious ones ,  i think , "
"chlorofluorocarbons can deplete ozone ,  hydrochlorofluorocarbons and hydrofluorocarbons are regarded as contributors to global warming . "
"mr smith should be made to realize ,  like it or not ,  that he is about fifty years behind the times . "
"as the same idea in the real case , we introduce a finsler metric f on the holomorphic bundles of complex manifold , and using levi form of g = f ~ 2 to define a hermitian metric on the vertical bundle ν , then we can get the geometricalresults on the finsler manifold by using hermitian techniques . "
"i mean ,  maybe the attic ' s not such a great idea . "
"offhand ,  i would say that there were one hundred people present at the dinner party . "
"and in case you don ' t think that this really has meaning for you , "
"if you want my opinion ,  the television is not worth of the cost of the licence"
"considering you brought my mother into it ,  .  .  .   .  . 71 . 50 . "
"look around you  -  -  here will do ,  in this room . "
"ben bernanke ,  recently nominated by barack obama to a second term as chairman of the federal reserve ,  made the point at this year ' s jackson hole monetary symposium :  “without these speedy and forceful actions ,  last october ' s panic would likely have continued to intensify ,  more major financial firms would have failed and the entire global financial system would have been at serious risk .  .  .   [ w ] hat we know about the effects of financial crises suggests that the resulting global downturn could have been extraordinarily deep and protracted . ”"
"when you ' re surprised you can write omg  ( oh my god )  and if you really like someone ,  bff  ( best friend forever )  is the expression for you . "
you want to know what i think ? 
" "" your average company is always trying to figure out how to manage their data stream ,  ""  mccullough tells us .   "" it seems to be a major trend across all sorts of industries that big business is looking for smart people to help them manage ,  organize ,  and tap into that data .  "" "
"the lichen is a typical example of the intergrowth among the microorganism ,  it is fungi ,  blue bacterium or homobium of the alga . "
"if you do not mind wait ,  mr .  smith will be free in about twenty minutes '  time . "
christian charles philip bale  ( born 30 january 1974 )  is an english actor . 
and then i went out into the garden . 
i don ' t have an answer to the fact that there seem to be
raise your arms above your head for me . 
"and where everything gets sticky ,  and gravity doesn ' t matter anymore  -  - "
the beatles were the pop idols of the 60 ' s . 
"where i hired a team of people in bangalore ,  india , "
"the easiest ,  quickest way to get someone to like you almost instantly is by complimenting them . "
dismiss this word from your vocabulary while on your passion search . 
"the guangdong team has failed is because of their more muff , and the young members have little technique and experience and poor psychological state . "
the way you are very special cobbler
"and so what the message is ,  is not any message"
and that was that there was a mysterious epidemic
"he becomes a child in progress heading for a professional level , "
"he was the sampan man ,  the only one who had fallen into the water . "
the united states says it ' s very concerned about syria ' s stockpile of chemical weapons and is consulting syria ' s neighbors about the need to secure them . 
"but even between those three categories ,  it ' s too wide a gulf . "
"in the american civil war ,  the north contended against the south . "
"the video display ,  pointing a gun .  it lead to the microcomputer , "
this change could have been brought about in one of two ways : 
your training will tell you that when the adrenaline kicks in you should compensate . 
i went through the first 10 or 15 years of my career
"as some other people in the space suit industry , "
and then you ' ll start seeing the structure of the galaxies
and not a great deal of wisdom injected into it . 
"5 . 5 percent ,  only ,  believe in god .  physical scientists :  it ' s 7 . 5 percent . "
who the helldo you think you are ? 
it appears we missed an entertaining fight . 
"what you ' re seeing here is ,  we ' ve selected the pathways in the brain of a chronic pain patient . "
"a few people do ,  i think ,  but not too many . "
just a little trick i picked up in the elevator . 
"if i tell where i ' m going ,  promise you won ' t split on me ? "
"our inability to take charge and say to all these people bringing their money , "
" "" snipers in iraq and afghanistan now use a ""  ballistics calculator  "" called bulletflight ,  made by the florida firm knight ' s armament for the ipod touch and iphone . "
she looked small by the side of her companion . 
"they have better social support ,  they ' re less likely to smoke  -  - "
"boss ,  i got a really bad feeling . "
and she is playing us like fools ! 
we wish to hear nothing further of this . 
"the zimbabwean government has said it would only compensate farmers for improvements on the farm ,  not the land . "
conclusion mixed deafness and sensorineural hearing loss caused by big perforation of tympanic membrane are sensitive on abr . 
this voa special english program words and their stories was written by marilyn christiano .  i ' m warren scheer . 
"in 2006 ,  trade between angola and china reached us $ 11 billion and last year continued on the same trajectory ,  to us $ 14 . 11 billion . "
i was trying as hard as i could  -  - 
and so people begin thinking in terms of electricity to produce convulsions . 
kent helped me jump  -  start my car this morning . 
some take simplicity to extremes :  one former deputy editor of the economist used z for many years . 
" "" we find that very ,  very few of them cheat a lot ,  ""  ariely says .   "" about 50 percent are cheating a little bit .  "" "
i play folk music on the flute .  folk music sounds wonderful . 
they ' il justuse you and throw you out . 
it was only the fact of my genetically engineered intellect that allowed us to survive . 
she was surprised to discover her husband was a painter when she saw his studio . 
"we don’t expect to have one on the market before 2015 ,  although by then we may well have one in phase iii trials . "
if necessary they will often take lower dividends to avoid great risk . 
"well ,  yeah ,  but i skipped one thing ,  my friend . "
"i didn ' t know you were so religious ,  ezra . "
" "" sports .  i have never cared especially for outdoor sports ,  and have no desire to excel at tennis ,  swimming ,  or golf .  i ' ll leave those things to the men .  despite its great vogue in california ,  i don ' t think sun - tanned skin is any more attractive than white skin ,  or any healthier ,  for that matter .  i ' m personally opposed to a deep tan because i like to feel blond all over .  by nature ,  i suppose i have a languorous disposition .  i hate to do things in a hurried ,  tense atmosphere ,  and it is virtually impossible for me to spring out of bed in the morning .  on sunday ,  which is my one day of total leisure ,  i sometimes take two hours to wake up ,  luxuriating in every last moment of drowsiness .  depending upon my activities ,  i sleep between five and ten hours every night .  i sleep in an extra - wide single bed ,  and i use only one heavy down comforter over me ,  summer or winter .  i have never been able to wear pajamas or creepy nightgowns ;  they disturb my sleep .  "" "
check with your doctor to see if the reason for yourlethargyis medically related . 
"after more than five hours of negotiations ,  the latest round of high - powered talks aimed at resolving iran ' s nuclear program ,  once again ,  have ended in deadlock .  despite the first - ever presence of a senior u . s .  official at the negotiating table ,  no progress has been made in settling this contentious issue . "
"besides ,  she has a likable character with good sense of humor .  although she is usually described as  "" boyish ""  ,  i think she actually is a sensitive person . "
"a classic painting ,  been nicked out of lenny ' s house . "
sometimes they act up and force you to take a stand . 
president jacob zuma said he wants more nuclear power to decrease the nation ' s reliance on coal . 
men ' s captions rated higher on average than women ' s captions .  but only by a mere 0 . 11 points out of perfect score of 5 . 0 .  the study is published in the journal psychonomic bulletin and review . 
"fine ,  but if preemption is to be adopted as a doctrine ,  it has to encompass more than one rogue state . "
i killed a man and a woman . 
"miss mckay ,  may i have the key to your bags ? "
"the simple version of simplifying is “identify what ' s important ,  and eliminate the rest . ”"
workers can ' t get to work or have to stay at home to look after children because lily - livered head teachers have decided icy playgrounds are dangerous . 
"all the nominal connections ,  in numbers and quantities ,  were thought  -  - "
"gago ,  who was speaking after a meeting with the head of the macau government ,  edmund ho ,  said that portugal had cooperated with macau in the area of science and technology for many years and that both he and ho ,  understood the efforts made on both sides . "
"but after eight ,  i thought ,  shit ,  i could use some help . "
"but mina khalil of the american university of cairo is concerned that too much is left to a simple majority in parliament or among the people ,  creating the possibility of abuse by whichever political viewpoint is in power . "
"mr .  strasser ,  who denies the charges ,  was exposed by the sunday times along with two other parliamentarians . "
"and documented the atrocities that were going on towards women , "
"okay ,  the second story takes place here in galapagos . "
"okay ,  here ' s what we need to do . "
"it ' s not that i don ' t want to help ,  i really don ' t know . "
"now ,  lead study writer george rebok says ,  the research showed most of the training remained effective a full ten years later . "
so that ' s an asset because if you ' ve got to deal with the crash protection issues
"don ' t take for granted the things closest to your heart .  cling to them as you would to your life ,  for without them ,  life is meaningless . "
i just wanted tosay i ' m sorry about today . 
"do you require any demo / evaluation boards ,  reference designs ,  turnkey system solutions ,  or design services ? "
because it´s been hit a couple of times . 
"after that come memories of sligo ,  where i live with my grandparents . "
"the irish company ,  which operates the topuito and moma mines ,  said that the unit ' s performance since 2007 had risen from 75 percent last april to around 100 percent . "
you don ' t think i want a cool job writing for george simmons ? 
"luanda ,  angola ,  14 sept–the government of angola wednesday in luanda approved the creation of the atomic energy regulatory authority ( area )  ,  which will coordinate ,  supervise and inspect activities related to use of radioactive ,  sources ,  materials ,  equipment and substances ,  angolan news agency angop reported . "
"we have the best surveyor ,  china import and export commodity inspection bureau . "
during the meeting the possibility of a partnership between dailan and rio in the cargo and logistics sector was also discussed . 
what are you going to do then ? 
"was the father of modern capitalism ,  adam smith ,  and he said this . "
and no one was there when the water rose . 
"the robber would have his bones broken ,  and ,  what ' s more ,  he would have to answer for it in the police court too . "
"her beret and silk scarf combination is as legendary as it is simple ,  and the beribboned fedoras she wore on several heists gave her a sense of propriety in improper circumstances . "
 ' cause i ' il let you in on a little secret . 
"there also were words of appreciation from u . s .  lieutenant general lloyd austin ,  who is commander of the multinational corps in iraq .  .  . "
"the treatment to the yellow - river soft soil subgrade is the serious problem in constructing xinxiang - zhengzhou highway .  the treatment method satisfies the road subgrade stability ,  and the embankment can’t be destroyed .  the paper breaks the conventional method ,  and takes a new technique——pressure grouting gravel pile . "
 ?  just turn the chair and grow play - doh hair  ? 
"i mean ,  i ' m a huge geek ,  i love computers . "
firefighters in the brazilian city of ceres ended up having to be called in to free 16 - stoneinmaterafael valadao when his big belly stopped him making his escape . 
"social conservatives are clearly excited by the prospect of sarah palin running for president one day .  but exit polls on election day found a majority of voters do not believe palin has enough experience to be vice president or president ,  suggesting she has work to do to win over moderate republicans and independent voters . "
"the street will take it ,  and will figure out ways to innovate , "
"the research revealed that the reaction products were ho  +  cn ,  o  +  hcn ,  h  +  cno ,  h  +  nco ,  n  +  hco and nh  + "
he therefore set up motion - activated cameras in 35 woods near the city . 
recommendation 28 .  a number of delegations considered that the request for additional staff rejected by the general assembly in the context of the 1992 - 1993 budget should be placed before the general assembly again in the 1994 - 1995 budget . 
contamination particulate  -  particles found on the surface of a silicon wafer . 
the pope is the supreme leader of the roman catholic church . 
outcry on sina weibo as schedule leaves out key day on traditional calendar for ancestor worship and family reunion dinners . 
"he tried to search out his old comrade in arms ,  but in vain . "
"in ohio growth test trees from northern states started growth earliest in the spring ,  developed most intense autumn color . "
the joes will never know what hit them . 
all automobiles in the town were commandeered by the army . 
you guys had shirts onwhen you came in here . 
"the most important slide in the gore lecture is the last one , "
most students who want to be accepted into the obama academy will need to have good grades and pass a number of tests . 
the next day the hunter lured the quails with his quail call as usual . 
the experimental results show the is  -  rpb extractor is a type quick extraction equipment with high efficiency . 
"combined with specific engineering ,  it introduces design theory of earth - retaining dado pile ,  discusses calculating method on depth of penetration of dado pile and reinforcing bars ,  and puts forward its design points to meet requirement and improve quality of dado pile . "
being aware of gossip - mongers and the effect of their casual behaviour can help you keep your image intact . 
i ' m really sorryto bother you with this . 
people cannot develop their capabilities if they are chronically ill or woefully ignorant . 
"they dig through trash ,  hack computers ,  anything short of writing it themselves . "
when new ideas come as a result of building upon previous ones .  this is very much a step by step process where at each step the progression in ideas very small but where over time it is significant . 
"of course ,  if you want to learn how to fly ,  we ' d say that is impossible . "
"and clipped that to a piece of paper ,  any paper that you found around . "
"between 1999 and 2005 ,  portugal financed development projects to a total accumulated value of around us $ 200 million .  ( macauhub ) "
aim \  to research sampling methods for simulation of fuze fault tree ( ft )  methods \  improved dagger sampling method was used when the failure probability of the basic event was very low and the method applicable to sampling a system of events once was used when the events formed ana dequate event system results and conclusion \  sampling methods for low probability event and the adequate event system are presented and sampling efficiency is raised
"so ,  i ' m off in my new direction with this to explore rhythm and space . "
"he really wanted myself and all of us who participated in the program to get our degrees and learn what it meant to be a good citizen ,  and to be good parents and husbands and responsible human beings . "
we were forced to liquidate some of our a ets to pay our debts . 
the whole standard  -  setting procedure for genetically modified food inspection policy . 
i had come to america to learn lessons for kazakhstan . 
staffs and management from hotel berjaya hosted a buffet lunch on 1 st february 2008 . 
and i used them to make an orchard walk
the igbo used to say that they built their own gods . 
the invention also provides an air refresher containing the novel compound gum and a method for preparing the air freshener . 
going back to time and space at the very core of the web . 
"i don ' t know what the place of instruments will be .  i think some people will always love them .  there ' s a kind of physical joy that comes from playing that you just don ' t get from the iphone ,  but there ' s more than one route to music . "
the united states has lost almost seven million jobs since the recession began in december of two thousand seven . 
the fire exit is located at the end of the hallway . 
"these opposing forces ,  haig says ,  battle each other through genomic imprinting . "
"but its plan will probably now have to be postponed ,  if not cancelled . "
" "" i just keep my money and use it when i need it ,  ""  said nyi nyi . "
that little issue took the team two years to solve . 
" "" he said ,  regretfully now ,  as though by mentioning the biosphere at all she ' d reinjured some old romantic wound of his . "
and i had no idea what a great job i had . 
"the sonic frequency stress wave method was used in the experimental research on the jet grouting denseness of the model anchors in engineering practice of shuibuya power station ,  located at the qingjiang river in hubei province .  also the field survey was conducted . "
we are considering the options available to us in this no - win situation . 
"so i would like to translate all of the web ,  or at least most of the web , "
the purpose of bam is to change the scale at which the brain is understood . 
"for example ,  near beijing the wall is constructed from quarried limestone blocks . "
"nspcc is campaigning for a total ban on smacking ,  they say the new law will only confuse parents and leave children still at risk of abuse . "
"it is an expensive proposition to bring in direct exchange feeds ,  to develop and maintain the systems that are needed to decode and normalize the various exchange protocols so your application engines can make sense of the data . "
he says local officials need to take urgent action to strengthen vaccination campaigns . 
amethyst gems often becomes paler if kept out in the sun . 
"rod :  no ,  but it means that your priority has to be"
"and on the continents ,  what you ' re seeing in bright green , "
she thought it was a slap in the face when she ;  saw her boy friend dancing ;  with another girl . 
this is not only outside of businesses .  when you think of what is the critical innovation
they ' re trying to solve those same kinds of mysteries . 
" "" i consider it rather pragmatic ,  up to a point .  it is not doctrinal ,  ""  he said .   "" they could be tough ,  but still can be flexible when the necessity is ,  and they consider they should be flexible .  "" "
and of all the friends and enemies she ' s made alongthe way . 
"some biologists ,  along with plato ,  define hominid as “featherless biped  . ”"
it ' s like a noah ' s ark .  it ' s like an archive . 
but you never get them out of the door with all their winnings .  .  .  they ' il dump it all back . 
someone’s swan song usually is also considered that person’s finest work . 
the high coding efficiency is based on some new techniques which also lead to high computational  -  complexity . 
they said they were going to beat us up
"they reported that there was an 8 . 5 magnitude earthquake in sumatra , "
that they preferred me on youtube than in person . 
"a bank cannot refuse to cash a banker ' s draft ,  whereas it can refuse to cash a cheque . "
"it is intended to deepen the knowledge of the reservoir and reduce development risks through scrolling development ,  to ensure effective development of tight low - permeability reservoir by the means of adopting stimulation measures such as multi - layer combined production ,  horizontal well ,  lateral well ,  high - angle well ,  and sand fracturing to increase single well productivity ,  and using under - balance drilling ,  air drilling ,  and combined operation of perforation and fracturing to lower reservoir contamination . "
"im :  ah ,  wow ,  delish .  all right .  so now where should i position myself ? "
christian got out of prison before wade greeley went in . 
separated from mother milk to the possibility of re  -  feeding the child ? 
the stability of the talus slope is important to its construction and operation . 
"i ' m in los angeles ,  los angeles ,  california , "
and this is how we ' ve seen the ocean since the beginning of time . 
but you should see it out here . 
he was standing there and all of a sudden .  .  . 
he says we should get off the road . 
the agreement is conditional on approval by the chinese government as well as approval of the toronto stock exchange . 
"this may include ,  for example ,  marking ,  labeling ,  kitting ,  documentation ,  customer  -  specific marking ,  and correct quantities . "
and he passed me a double  -  barrelled pistol . 
"by this method ,  various pictures of flowing fluid in the three zones ,  i . e .  the end effect zone ,  the block packing zone and the shell zone of rs dimple wire mesh packing and foam metal packing at different operating conditions were taken . "
"we feared the mask would destroy you , "
"marx believed that capitalism ' s advance would not be halted by  "" asiatic ""  modes of economic activity that he regarded as backward . "
"and there ' s a lovely rabbinic interpretation of the beginnings of creation , "
"and finally football ,  and bayern munich are facing chelsea in the european champions league final . "
all the three victims are my childhood neighbors
his real perturbation of mind would be best covered and pass concealed under a disguise of pretended lunacy
does the name juliette langlois mean anything to you ? 
"“to count on” someone is a two - word phrasal verb meaning to trust someone ,  to believe that someone will do something . "
the phone number must appear exactly as it will be dialed . 
do you recall what trick you did that night ? 
"mr .  wallach believes that ,  in the end ,  the president will be re - elected . "
"during fireworks this past fourth of july ,  he mapped out global strategy in his head . "
"but it often helps to confide in close co  - workers ,  as this could provide a support network . "
i didn ' t have the right manager .  didn ' t have the  .  .  . 
"i ' m all in a muddle ;  can ' t recollect anything of it ,  hardly . "
the teachers and the government also agree to change it in working conditions and special allowances for those in administrative positions . 
"agents with the federal bureau of investigation are trying to determine if mr .  alexis '  mental health worsened in the past year ,  the officials said . "
the boss struck off 100 dollars from the salary of the employee as fine . 
"so one day ,  i ' m out in front of the house doing something  -  - "
"the paper chooses the micromine mine software as a platform ,  establishes 3d digital ore deposit models for the five main orebody in no . "
to protect what remains of the natural systems that give us life . 
"see , craig , you and i have something in common . "
"now ,  if we tell him the truth ,  do you think he ' il be able to handle it ? "
"in view of this ,  cyclical stocks in 2008 is balderdash . "
"if the value is above or below warning levels but does not exceed critical limits ,  the state is set to warning . "
"under drastic measures that some analysts say are incompatible with monetary union ,  depositors will be able to withdraw no more than €300 in cash each day ,  people familiar with the preparations said . "
julien jeanvier :   [ talking about igor the gym coach ]  and how big are his biceps again ? 
"‘eventually i came pretty close ,  maybe 15 metres away ,  but the owl was very relaxed . "
the powerhouse was trace out accurately later on a large scale map . 
"luanda ,  angola ,  14 june–angola ' s minister for hotels and tourism is hosting a meeting in luanda on the“cross - border okavango - zambeze project ”which will be attended by representatives from five countries in the region ,  which are involved in the project ,  officials said wednesday . "
"if you put electricity in ,  this will get hot and this will get cold , "
"and if we ' re very lucky ,  depthx will bring back the first"
"but one point it makes is that whenever you ' re choosing one thing , "
"liang : when the two major parties were conducting peace talks ,  general marshall from the u . s .  very much wanted to make the two major parties have peace talks . "
that ' s where i think we get a bad rap . 
the old man can not walk at a good pace . 
use the checkboxes for tracking ;  mark off problems as you review and repair your pages . 
"praia ,  cape verde ,  02 may–cape verde ' s supreme court ( stj )  has suspended the liberalization of international phone calls due to a case brought by monopoly - holder cv telecom against the government . "
"the bbc ' s correspondent in nigeria ' s capital abuja ,  said the president ' s voice had sounded weak . "
the scientists then used brain imaging techniques to find that dopamine peaks along with emotional arousal . 
nobody in the whole world could do it mentally . 
one of the very great worldwide viruses that came . 
"according to steve felter ,  gamesalad ' s boss ,  some developers even make a living designing apps on its platform . "
local radio reported that shoes and school bags could be seen floating on the river . 
" "" on this day ,  september the 20th ,  1942 , "
a new method for preparing nanometer  -  sized neodymium oxide through thermal decomposition was introduced . 
you ain ' t got no bugs in here ? 
no appeal accepted .  the decisions of the referees the spot will be final . 
the contrasting images of desperately trapped steerage passengers and moneyed folks clinging to once - burnished balustrades are more impressive with the enhanced technology . 
because part of the security system here is to listen in on everything said in this apartment . 
"there are two types of coat :  rough ,  and smooth ,  but both are very dense and come in white with markings in tan ,  red ,  mahogany ,  brindle ,  and black -  in various combinations . "
it turned out to be a hoax ? 
"even in english ,  the word digit describes either a number or a finger . "
"first ,  they can go a long way toward eliminating prejudice in the workplace and removing barriers to advancement . "
another round of huge increases in excess capacity and current account surpluses seems inevitable . 
"other facilities will be set up to bottle mineral water ,  assemble motorcycles and bicycles and produce chocolate plastic derivatives ,  pasta ,  fruit juice and bread . "
"the one - minute film was uploaded by the russian - language edition of lifehacker ,  a website dedicated to  ' tips and downloads for getting things done '  . "
"this is an un - retouched  -  -  this is not a joke  -  -  un - retouched photo of microsoft word , "
kitten grass along wind .  the wind blows where you went to which side . 
total footwear exports from brazil fell from 212 million pairs in 2004 to 189 million pairs in 2005 . 
the accountant checked this unnecessary spending in good time . 
modesty forbade me from mentioning that my novel had been published . 
"you see ,  our enemies also use this space  -  - "
i will become the next king of england . 
i could record for him the history of that afternoon ' s
"furthermo re ,  the zinc evaporating and oxidizing cause air bubble ,  incomplete fusion and cr ack . "
we saved your ass from some angry fuckin '  dwarves .  .  .  and now we ' re supposed to take you somewhere as if we know where it is ? 
"they ' re mammals , just like you and me ,  warm - blooded ,  needing air to breathe ,  and producing milk to nurse their young . "
a multi  -  rate speech compression processor was designed based on the sinusoidal excitation linear prediction  ( selp )  model . 
"we ' re expecting a much nicer screen ,  a killer processor ,  and a more powerful battery . "
"seoul ,  the most expensive city in asia ,  was placed eighth in worldwide terms ,  after being in 10th place last year . "
"after the warranty expires ,  the company provided free of charge annual maintenance services . "
"i beg you to save me ,  sister . "
"the investigation indicated that the main reasons that induced the outbreak of infectious diseases were killing the sick and dead livestock ( cow , ship , horse ,  mule , etc )  on the spot , knowledge dificency on prevention and diagnosis of anthrax among medical persons and residents , the low rate of livestock quarantine and livestock vaccination , the common susceptivity of crowds . "
"ms caples says she finds her  ' donors '   -  fellow vampire fans willing to let her drink from them  -  at her localoccultandodditiesstore ,  where she cuts the donor with apagan - likesterilizedknife she designed herself . "
"he made the comments during a state visit by german chancellor angela merkel ,  who in a speech earlier thursday pushed for tougher action against iran to contain its nuclear program and against syria as it violently cracks down on protests .  china has opposed new measures against both . "
"and somebody orders a chicken ,  and we know what a chicken is , "
i soon realized that manspaces didn ' t have to be only inside . 
"sir ,  we have a call from langley . "
it will take the work of generations to succeed . 
there are high antibacterial and bactericidal and prevents mildew .  it is good effect for beriberi . 
"number one :  if there are more dimensions in space ,  where are they ? "
at least have doc patterson check you out . 
"as far as he knew ,  camels were raised in villages west of beiping . "
" "" i don ' t think i ' m allowed to have sole charge of two small children ,  ""  i said dubiously when their mother first mooted the idea . "
"this ,  of course ,  the construction should account a number of objective factors :  such as geological features . "
"source of botulism ,  as well as a million other toxins .  .  .  that cause gastroenteritis ,  cardiac symptoms and mental confusion . "
he locked the door and pressed the bolt home . 
"now  -  -  oh ,  oh yeah ,  go on then ,  go on . "
"so you ' re the first ones to be seeing these , "
"the government is relying on power to be produced at the sambangalo ( senegal )  and kaleta ( guinea conakry )  hydroelectric dams which ,  as of 2009 ,  may supply power to guinea bissau . "
the undervalued chinese real exchange rate generated a contribution of net exports of 5 . 6 per cent of gdp between 2006 and 2008 . 
meteorologist ken johnson will have the latest on tropical storm emily when we return . 
i was hoping to have the weekend to myself . 
i think that there ' s somebody after me . 
no cause is lost if there is but one fool left to fight for it . 
"and road pricing is where we ' re all going to have to go , "
"ecopartnerships encourage environmental action at the state and local levels ,  mobilizing investment from the private sector and leveraging limited federal capital to produce meaningful results . "
4gl tools cannot be run over a wide area network  ( wan )  for reasons of security and performance
"in places ,  it is impossible to distinguish individual houses .  all you can see is one enormous pile of concrete rubble stretching on for hundreds of meters . "
"now we ' ve never seen a shadow like this of a black hole , "
"and i just yanked ,  and i yanked ! "
"about 75 %  of world gdp and 95 %  of the world ' s population are outside the us .  trading nations have benefitted for centuries .  composition of world gdp is changing significantly and we need to position our country to benefit .  twenty years ago the u . s .  was 27 %  of world gdp ;  in 2010 it was 26 %  ;  and by 2030 ,  it will be 24 %  according to global insight .  other developed countries were 50 %  in 1990 ,  41 %  in 2010 ,  and will be 29 %  by 2030 .  developing countries  ( in large part led by china )  have grown from 23 %  in 1990 to 33 %  in 2010 and will be 47 %  by 2030 .  in other words ,  developing economies will be about half of world gdp in 20 years .  we have to be in there forging relationship now . "
"in the study ,  girls at two of the schools received free sanitary pads and lessons on puberty . "
"taking the clinical thermometer industry as an example , detailed proposals are put forward to cut the total mercury used in china , including to control the scale of mercury production as well as new projects related to mercury processing and use and to phase out small - scale enterprises ; "
"the big enemy of happiness is worry ,  which comes from focusing on events that are outside your control .  once you ' ve taken action ,  there ' s usually nothing more you can do .  focus on the job at hand rather than some weird fantasy of what might happen . "
"your best chance of transforming someone else -  -  and the dynamic in your relationship -  -  is to demonstrate your willingness to alter your own actions ,  experts say . "
"nobody has to see what you write ,  just write for you . "
concerns over governance also complicate the picture in the rich world . 
further research is needed to determine the long - term safety and efficacy of gastric band surgery . 
to dabble about in shallow water ; splash gently with the hands or feet . 
my debts were like a millstone round my neck
then prince hapi will have to get accustomed .  .  .  to not getting everything he wants . 
"to “stay up all night” means to stay awake all night ,  never to go to sleep . "
"the notion of the whole society over - emphasizing the efficiency and neglecting the value of environment makes our environment law have limition .  it is the reason why the green trade barrier bring about the very disadvantageous influence on our trade ,  economic structure and the ecosystem environment . "
"quantum information science begins by generalizing the fundamental resource of classical information  -  bits  -  to quantum bits ,  or qubits . "
they should have been delivered by now . 
he says ethyl pyruvate makes the mosquitoes '  receptor inactive . 
so what is time perspective ?  that ' s what i ' m going to talk about today . 
"i wanted to give my 6  -  year  -  old son a chance to live a better life ,  she said . "
that our destiny is to be one world with one language . 
"now ,  recently ,  it has been found that it can change a lot . "
"please install the good player ,  otherwise cannot normally broadcast movie . "
and this is from a study that we did in uganda
"in the evening ,  amid tight security ,  she was taken back to the clinic and her six children ,  all of whom were born in the cellar ,  the source said . "
so you figure he ' s not being objective . 
"functions :  to control blood fat level ,  prevent cardio - cerebral diseases ,  anti - oxidation ,  delay senescence ,  maintain normal metabolism of fat in body and improve immunity of body . "
i got another anesthesiologist to cover for me . 
"with so much money ,  we can really paint the town red . "
"a number of developing countries in asia have in recent years adopted strict laws to protect the environment .  but lawyers gathering this week for a u . n .  environment conference in bangkok ,  say many courts fail to enforce environmental laws . "
prices have been soaring partly fueled by the interests of new rich from asia . 
"are infected with the virus ,  that aids is a disease of poverty , "
what is the link between serious sunburn and deadly skin cancer ? 
the beautifulbrunettelanded in china on saturday and was given a warm welcome by local fans at the airport before hitting the shops . 
"a man has his hour ,  and a dog has his day . "
"i ' m only good for one thing ,  dix . "
"the sky is pretty dusty , and unclear in shanghai today , and the building are coated with a layer of yellow haze around the campus of ecnu . "
use antihistamine and decongestants as necessary and as tolerated . 
"the maputo - based newspaper noticias reported that drilling to date indicates a 147 - metre thick formation at a depth of 3 , 600 metres in the first of three wells to be opened in the rovuma basin ' s maritime area . "
we must never for a moment divorce ourselves from the masses . 
somebody tipped off the kgb about the vishnevsky defection . 
the nis described seven north korean hacking organizations and the group of spies operating in china and japan . 
and i ' m really happy to be here .  thank you so much . 
the whole country praises him for that
what happened here stays in this room . 
then he remembered eby telling him that some of the books were kept among the stacks of old paper . 
were you disappointed when you found out that i was nomad ? 
"i act very badly ,  that has no competition for me . "
"ll :  so why don ' t you just forget about it tonight ,  and mull it over during the weekend ? "
he ' s another young designer from france who ' s working  -  - 
they who enter upon the narrow way for your name and cast aside all worldly care will attain great freedom of mind . 
is that we use a pole cameras  -  -  this is my colleague joanne with a pole camera  -  - 
and i ' ve got to do something right now to get the result
"debt servicing ,  which includes interest and amortization ,  weighed heaviest on guinea bissau ,  where it was the equivalent of 46 percent of exports of goods and services in the period under review . "
the words you say are all the same
"two years ago ,  the video  "" how to be alone ""  starring writer tanya davis and her poem about the  "" freedom ""  of being by yourself — eating ,  dancing ,  reading ,  hiking — went viral .  the video got more than 4 . 5 million hits :  clearly ,  her sweet and simple advice  ( for example ,   "" we could start with the acceptable places ,  the bathroom ,  the coffee shop ,  the library ""  )  resonated with people .  as she says in the four - minute clip ,   "" society is afraid of alonedom ,  like lonely hearts are wasting away in basements ,  like people must have problems if ,  after a while ,  nobody is dating them .  but lonely is a freedom that breathes easy and weightless and lonely is healing if you make it .  "" "
let me take this opportunity to thank you for flying with us . 
"before facebook came around ,  it seemed weird to use your real name on the internet .  less than a decade later ,  there ' s no limit to the number of ways you can share every personal detail of your life online . "
"in the second chapter ,  i track back the process of unosom .  in the third chapter ,  i anatomize the unosom from three levels using the levels of analysis and theories on international regimes . "
jack ' s dad thought iris was the most honourable person he ' d ever met . 
"you have a license ,  you can drive a grown - up car . "
"in order to ensure the quality and safety of a trestle bridge carrying steel pipe of dn 3 100 in construction stage ,  the important construction procedures are discussed and argufied including the cantilever propulsive operation of bailey bridge truss ,  setup of houseful support ,  the lifting of large size crane and the hoisting of metal mast . "
"after a long day ,  turns off the key in his car and says , "
leave sonny alone and go back to us with minnie
egypt ' s state news agency says that there will be a cabinet reshuffle on sunday .  the news agency says that ten ministers will be replaced including the interior and finance ministers . 
"we ' re not going to give you our 17 , 000 peace keepers for fodder .  "" "
— link ' s ready !  — phase - lock 40 %   . 
you know that i ' m leaving them all to you . 
the computer manual will tell you how to attach a line printer . 
the corrosion currents of propeller revolution modulation and the currents which results from impressed current cathodic protection system  ( iccp )  are two important sources of elfe . 
"these days ,  the bottom line when it comes to wine really is the bottom line . "
"rb :  yeah .  no ,  i put on my oxygen mask and stood on top of the balloon , "
"it ' s just as well ,  because it can stay where it is . "
"sometimes you ' ll do things considered crazy by others ,  but when you catch yourself excitedly losing track of time ,  that ' s when you ' ll know you ' re doing the right thing . "
don ' t seed that seed something that looks good . 
he ' s likely to land in hot water unless restrained by wiser counsel . 
i don ' t spend a nickel if i can help it unless it somehow profits my mileage account . 
"fifth ,  we should encourage mergers ,  standardize bankruptcy procedures ,  redirect laid - off workers ,  increase efficiency reducing redundant staff and implement re - employment programs . "
"methods :  albumin ,  prealbumin ,  transferrin ,  c - reactive protein ,  il - 2 ,  cholesterol ,  lymphocyte count ,  hemoglobin were measured in consecutive samples of 102 patients greater than or equal to 60 years old  ( mean age 76 . 75±7 . 30 )  in emergency department at admission . "
"my brother ,  he didn ' t make t ,  did he ? "
and he often gets home for dinner and even out to baseball games every few weeks . 
then we have to discover those higgs particles at the lhc . 
taking just a couple of these precautions should make a significant difference in the health of your skin in winter . 
this is the wife of the imperial doctor . 
at13 : 30 in the afternoon the next day but one . 
"for each instance of an html tag on a form ,  a reset object is created . "
he hanged himself in sorrow after his wife died . 
for two days they ' ve been deporting us . 
it would be even better if you didn ' t have to draw the blood . 
"when the going gets rough and people startbucklingdown ,  they start saying no to themselves first . "
and put it out there like the conservative party did
"if it will make you stop , i will admit that he is not completely devoid of charm . "
"on the following days ,  she was assigned to do more paperwork ,  which was boring and tiring for huang . "
"naresh joshi ,  a consultant ophthalmic plastic surgeon atlondon ' s cromwell and chelseawestminsterhospitals ,  said that many patients ask for the wrinkles that appear when they smile to be smoothed away . "
"maybe she ' ll let you in if that slot ' s still there .  "" "
"as important subject of market economic ,  corporation is a typical enterprise juristic person . "
"60 , 000 scientists in nine counties ,  right from india to the u . s . "
what is a habit ?  it ' s just a shackle for ourselves . 
maybe it ' s his way of showing he ' s upset ? 
how long have we been in here ? 
"on virtually all sites of the capital there were clashes and heavy bombardments as government forces battled to keep rebels from pressing in on the central core of the city ,  the seat of the regime ' s power . "
i wouldn ' t wish that on my worst enemy . 
"i can ' t say whether lithium works in all als patients , "
"let ' s use the market as the best listening device we have ,  and"
"she doesn ' t want you ,  why should we look for her ? "
"21 .  a boat lies stranded on the cracked bed of a dry area of xieshan ,  which is part of poyang lake in east china ' s jiangxi province ,  on may 4 ,  2011 . "
building teams is like building software .  it ' s easier to describe what not to do than it is to identify the intangibles that make good software development teams jell . 
he is here for a violent crime  -  -  assault and battery . 
harry has kicked around all over the world as a merchant seaman . 
you ' ll need plenty of nerve to sit beside him when he is driving . 
"weil ,  it iooks iike you might have to get over that . "
a few days later jung ' s mistress ran into jung ' s wife while she was standing and looking into the window of a painting supplies shop on a zurich boulevard . 
man is fated to suffer many disappointments in questing for truth . 
the former italian prime minister silvio berlusconi has confirmed he will attempt to return to power at the general election to be held next year . 
"get used to not being treated so well next month .  remember ,  it’s only once in every four years .  forgive him ! "
"despite its usefulness in retracing failed predictions by camping and other prognosticators of end times ,  the doomsday algorithm has nothing to do with the apocalypse . "
take the cls team to his father ' s apartment
"we worked with ,  by the way ,  honeybee robotics .  this is the brain . "
in this paper the engineering properties of muck and its harmfulness to the foundation of buildings are expounded . 
"and stick something on here ,  or someone ' il get cut . "
"pollen counting ,  stunt bee ,  pouring ,  stirrer ,  front desk ,  hair removal .  .  . "
"dr .  albert hirsch , the alleged mastermind of black briar program and cla deputy director noah vosen ,  the program ' s operational chief . "
see stars who have donned drag for film now . 
this aim is magnificent and can be realized in the future .  the most practical meaning is its implication of marxist humanism about human being ' s overall development . 
"you look into her eyes , you hold each other ' s gaze . "
"the hydrodynamic pressure process does not kill all bacteria in the meat ,  however . "
"if there is a hell ,  and i wind up going ,  at least there will be some  awesome people there . "
the temperature was main factor determining change law of release amount of co 2 from soils and its rising and falling bring out the increase and decrease of release amount of co 2 .  the release amount of co 2 from soils was changing along with different vegetation . 
"as well as the new factory in india ,  in the area of motors and generators ,  weg is expanding its industrial unit in s ão bernardo do campo / sao paulo and also building a new factory in jaragu ádo sul / santa catarina . "
"even wounded ,  i would still stop you"
" "" my gosh ,  you hit it on the head ,  ""  said kate .   "" how do i make him un - scared ?  "" "
"now if we make some guesses about how long homo erectus lived , "
"recently work began to convert vilankulo aerodrome into an international airport ,  with work also underway or already concluded on the airport facilities of tete ,  chimoio ,  quelimane and beira . "
"or find a way to get over ,  around ,  or through any wall"
"through long period ' s practice on sith ' s manufacture ,  the structural influence on sith and analyzed its reason has been included .  a new method on manufacture and device ' s designation is proposed ,  too . "
"the overall ,  you know ,  arc of your presentation  -  - "
but i ' m not sure i want him to live . 
"schleicher was urging him to increase his power - and ,  not inconsequentially ,  schleicher ' s own - by expropriating some of the subordinate services . "
"in my opinion ,  the house isnt worth the price theyre asking . "
some people in tokyo and other cities are measuring radiation levels themselves . 
" ' i ' m kind of spinning my wheels ,  '  mr .  wetherell says .   ' we can wishfully think that eventually it ' s going to get better ,  but we don ' t really know ,  and that doesn ' t really help us now .  ' "
we ' il be back before they finish dinner . 
"the rate of single - occupancy vehicles is ,  i told you ,  75 percent ; "
which is a pretty sophisticated behavior for a mere invertebrate . 
the test results of encapsulation of ag particles showed that this amorphous carbon coating formed by pan decomposition at 1200℃ in n 2 was able to improve both discharge and self discharge rates . 
they will be much safer there with my master . 
"i agreed to take the children to the fair ,  but i refused to ride on the big dipper no matter how much they tried to persuade me ;  after all ,  you can take a horse to water but you cannot make it drink . "
their damn village happens to be resting on the richest unobtanium deposit within 200 klicks in any direction . 
"and did it evolve to be more harmful in a place like ecuador , "
"it ' s your son ,  johnny .  he ' s been to the san and he ' s in capable hands , "
"events were rapidly rolling together from every quarter ,  and accumulating to a crisis . "
"he says ,  he will consider being an instructor .  but he ' d like to spar with you first . "
and there are groups all over the place that i keep hearing about
"kudo ,  all your team members are dead . "
do not let yourselves carried aloft ;  do not seat yourselves on other people‘s backs and heads .   ( f . 
"because to bring these two titans ,  these two masters of the universe"
rosa says that she has a couple of different kinds of graphics that she’s going to use . 
"who fit in this category ,  to do it themselves . "
dynamic features of globoidal indexing cam mechanisms determine their dynamic locating accuracy . 
"the guy from the los angeles philharmonic ,  adam crane . "
"tomorrow morning ,  i will challenge menelaus for the right to helen . "
the explosives exploded killing three people in a busy market in the coastal town of mombasa . 
they sense the foreign nature of the dreamer . 
"the value of foreign direct investment ( fdi )  was mush higher than that seen in 2006 ,  a year in which approved investment proposals totaled us $ 800 million . "
"you tie me to the mast ,  and i ' m going to beg and plead . "
and these are the kinds of things we ' re going to discover
"as a statement about the problems ,  or more exactly the confusions , "
"and we are going to work with officials to make sure that doesn ' t happen .  "" "
"til then ,  i ' ll keep telling jokes .  i hope you keep laughing . "
"under archdeacon thorp as warden ,  19 foundation scholars and 18 others took up residence in archdeacon ' s inn ,  palace green . "
the bravery and persistence of these intellectuals — and others like them in egypt — may have quietly prepared the ground for the uprisings this year . 
the film world is reeling from the untimely death of olivia hamilton . 
"the father had passed out of the field into another uplying craggy field .  he was now standing on a rock with his arms folded and his bare head fallen forward on his chest ,  perfectly motionless . "
"it was an amazingly smelly city .  not just because of the cesspools , "
"your gaffer ,  does he want anything special ? "
"we ' d like two ticketsto new jersey ,  please . "
" ' likability isn ' t something you are born with ,  like charisma .  it ' s something you can learn ,   ' says ben decker ,  chief executive officer of decker communications ,  san francisco ,  a training and consulting firm . "
"the  ' first lady '  meal  ( 88rmb ,  or  $ 14 . 16 )  came with thick ,  pleasantly chewy hand - pulled noodles and succulent ,  exceptionally melting bits of stewed pork .  in an unusual twist on the peasant - style dish ,  it also came mixed with fresh herbs and some halved cherry tomatoes .  on a recent visit to the sun - dappled courtyard ,  dogs gamboled around their owners '  tables ,  creating an idyllic scene . "
"obviously ,  this vehicle entered the thames at some distance upstream before coming to ground here . "
"rvp :  for me personally and i think as a team ,  trophies ,  trophies ,  trophies ! "
"national public radio in the u . s .  – or as colbert calls their programming ,  state - spons or ed jazz – ran a story entitled ,  organic isn ' t always safer when it comes to botulism . "
"if this is the new thing ,  that liked too ! "
you can always tell the somebodies from the nobodies at a cocktail party . 
accentuated with foods that they can carry into the fields . 
"hello ,  craig ferguson ,  went to program it . "
"after facebook released its s - 1 document related to its ipo last week ,  back - of - the - envelope calculations revealed that zuckerberg would pay  $ 1 . 5 billion to  $ 2 billion in taxes after cashing in stock options worth around  $ 5 billion . "
we should be glad if you would consider our application to act as agent for sales of your plastic slippers . 
"“they test the systems once in a while for reliability and for training purposes , ” he said . "
where i ' m linking directly to the particular things of my seat on the plane  -  - 
he says the businesses bain bought and directed during his years with the company created about one hundred thousand jobs . 
"that forces students like you to take out more loans and rack up more debt ,  ""  he said . "
" "" if they were slaves ,  they would not have been able to build their tombs beside their king ' s .  "" "
"the lesson of brian ' s presentation ,  in a way  -  - "
"tokar was missing in action after the ambush that resulted in shaw being awarded the congressional medal of honor , "
"together to see if she could sell these nets ,  five dollars apiece , "
" ( 4 )  there are 8 series and 52 species endemic to yunnan ,  which are mostly distributed in the hengduan mountains and the east himalaya . "
"ningbo red china fir hi - tech board industry co .  ,  ltd . "
"on maps ,  a cross is the symbol for a church . "
so how should we make use of his talents ? 
"without public pressure the supreme court would never have dared to move against congress ,  says his lawyer ,  benjamín fernandez . "
"the rehashed 90s classic ,  with a revised storyline and a new cast ,  is almost pissing off the whole country . "
twenty meters to the right of the building . 
"but science does have something to say here ,  and sometimes purely imaginative questions are great tools for helping us think about how the real world works . "
"on the other hand ,  she likes people who are humorous and honest . "
"see how it was made ,  what these little lugs did ,  what the snares did . "
"in total points for life adjustment ,  female children were superior to non  -  female children and single children . "
"this year ,  the internet giant announced the launch of a new service in china :  the  ' google pigeon bird ' s eye view .  ' "
"his life will be threatened ,  and because you love him ,  you won ' t hesitate . "
it would cost at least 50 million dollars  -  - 
"hey ,  rebecca ,  come on in .  make yourself at home ,  later ,  i ' ll introduce you to my friends . "
safety :  to ensure sufficient fire extinguishing equipment and first  -  aid materials . 
our solar system is now in the final cleanup phase of accretion . 
" "" unless he ' s stopped ,  chances are he ' ll end up a career criminal — or dead .  "" "
a group of kids were playing with a ball in the street . 
i take a walk in the park before breakfast every day . 
"well ,  she is one of the reasons why the classic cartoon is criticized for being racist . "
we needed to put some fear into that little lady . 
"the problem is that the transistors used to make logic circuits hold their electronic state ,  and therefore any data they contain ,  only when powered up . "
" "" my father is going to have a fit ,  ""  i thought . "
"if we can look at the activation in the brain that ' s producing the pain , "
"something is usually said about kafka in connection with wise blood ,  but i have never succeeded in making my way through the castle or the trial ,  and i wouldn ' t pretend to know anything about kafka . "
"this type of testing can be conducted quickly and cheaply with online panels of consumers .  for example ,  testing a notice from the internal revenue service  ( a current client of ours )  ,  a taxpayer might be asked how much they would pay in penalties and interest if they missed a deadline ,  revealing their actual understanding of the consequences of their actions ,  not just their impression of the tone and clarity of the notice .  similarly ,  patients can be asked what dosage of medication to take and when so that we don ' t have to guess whether they truly understand the package directions . "
i thought i ' d start with telling you or showing you the people who started  [ jet propulsion lab ]  . 
the prize is as stated .  there is no cash alternative and it is not transferable . 
"“a lot of people are gravitating towards dark chocolate because they just decide they love it , "
figo says he would like to play alongside his former team  -  mate rivaldo once again . 
berserk :  also reduces the rage cost of all your bear form abilities by 50 %  . 
lucian will always be the first of the breed . 
"we saw him lift himself up and down ,  up and down . "
"if china still fails to respond ,  the treasury ,  by the time of its autumn report ,  will no longer be able to deny the obvious . "
 #  so if you have something to say  # 
a shopkeeper in the village overheard prophet ibrahim . 
"honey is sweet because we like it ,  not  "" we like it because honey is sweet .  "" "
should we get a third order of fish tacos ? 
and this is the one rule of the house : 
he looked like a postman but he was really a fake . 
you must get out there ;  actively seek out people to network with . 
"still ,  your hair stands up .  there ' s some amazing spiritual connect . "
he sharpened the edge of his knife on a grindstone . 
household appliances like blenders and microwaves are used in the kitchen . 
"wang kaiming .  synthesis of ethyl acetate with supported heteropoly acid as catalyst [ d ]  .  dongying :  china university of petroleum ,  2007 . "
i called his lawyer to tip her off . 
"this is perhaps just as well ,  as the life of a farmer is far from easy ,  as jim doherty discovered when he set out to combine being a writer with running a farm . "
that substance they make from a different set of species
chairman maehara reduced the number to 2 to secure medals . 
"heads ,  you get to keep your head . "
"as these scholars see it ,  mr obama ' s determination to ignore israeli public opinion while cultivating the arab street doomed his diplomacy . "
"keep in mind ,  however ,  that this study only looks at the fatigue and energy creation benefits of exercise . "
i said i wouldn ' t care if they hated me if i could see the sense in it ! 
"he worked on sunday ,  so he took monday off in lieu . "
don ' t be so severe to her -  -  - she couldn ' t help it . 
"oh ,  i ' m not looking to make soup . "
the plane was kept circling over the airport before landing . 
"“we made a promise that i was going to tell his mum what he told me . and today ,  i kept it ,  thank god i have the opportunity to meet her . "
" "" the government should work on equipping us with training tools ,  ""  he said . "
additions of organic matter to soil hasten calcium losses . 
what he had intended as a job to help pay his way through college has now turned into a destination for college graduates . 
"if your self - esteem has taken a beating and you ' re feeling less than great about yourself ,  it ' s time to do some work to build yourself back up .  what would you say to a good friend in your shoes ?  think of something positive about yourself and write it down .  then add something else .  it doesn ' t matter what these statements are ;  no one is going to see them .  they can be sweet or silly .  the important thing is that they mean something to you .  save that piece of paper and refer to it whenever you need a boost . "
they will revert to tilling the earth in an old - fashioned way . 
we ' re going to have to change this behavior whether we like it or not . 
with the tense stand off between russia and georgia . 
the detail of the committee meeting in america was made public . 
"today these low prices are available in the 25 countries where we work , "
"i mean ,  i married debbie when she got pregnant . "
"plenty of teenage entrepreneurs have built companies that later have success ,  but very few strike it rich so quickly . "
"what did you go for ,  a local ? "
"what that means is ,  instead of asking your politicians to do things , "
and he served 10 years of a life sentence . 
and there was no way i was going to have anything to do with those people . 
these drawings by star wars concept designer ralph mcquarrie provide a peek at the part of the city that will be depicted in the series . 
the new product features a striking green label and is packaged in the award - winning plantbottle . 
"i do not limit you as to price , being well assured that you will effect the best sales your market will allow . "
"yu boya ,  22 ,  an english major who graduated from guangdong university of foreign studies last year ,  did just that .  the job applicant’s cartoon resume received thousands of views on sina weibo . "
video :  that ' s what we call the seven minutes of terror . 
she also said it could mean that big companies would have an advantage over start  - ups that cannot afford the extra expense . 
do you mind if we just wait .  .  .  just a little longer ? 
what kinds of ideas come forward ?  what patterns or associations do you find ? 
it ' s more like quietly knowing that you ' re worth a lot . 
"sao tome ,  sao tome and principe ,  2 aug–the national investment bank of sao tome is issuing american express cards for the first time in the archipelago . "
" "" there ' s a lot of garbage on youtube ,  but once in a while you find a gem and everybody passes it around ,  ""  says ted iannuzzi of magmito . "
please is it me ?   -   ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  ? 
"this i play and i was very easily climbed up to the top ,  but fast posts i because there is no any armrest ,  feet on the post jitter badly ,  a few minutes later ,  i hung up in disc dare not stand . "
i needed something that would pull me out of all this . 
to help customer comprehend kinds of garniture markets in hangzhou and help them to purchase gratifying garment . 
ms :  but is it a tough sell because of the film
"in december ,  he reached a  $ 15 billion loan deal with russia . "
holy cow . we got to promo the heck out of this . 
"actually ,  you know ,  discovered the laws of genetics  -  - "
"in the wake of the hapan action ,  jacen gave ben a secret assignment :  recover the amulet of kalara . "
"you know ,  the good news is she can ' t get any more stretch marks . "
who is this lady you have shrunk ? 
"rev .  12 : 4 and his tail drags away the third part of the stars of heaven ,  and he cast them to the earth . "
"the ob ' s done ,  and the bitch is dead . "
all of this happens in an operating theatre on site using equipment and anaesthetic the same as would be used in human brain surgery . 
rene czudek at the fao says a baboon frightened by a snake sandwich will probably not come back . 
"grow ever smaller ,  we cut off our children from valuable opportunities"
"so even if you already have an application well under way ,  i think there is a lot that can be learned from anvil . "
"this thesis studies the questions appeared in the time demarcate ,  account ,  and process of high speed data ,  through the analyze of modulation domain test frequency in radio frequency system . "
the article reported experiences of percutaneous lumbar diskectomy via posterolateral approach using electric rotary cutter in 27 patients with lumbar disk hernia . 
"there are some difficult terms ,  but they didn ' t affect my reading . "
telecom service convergence and network convergence are two associated but different concepts . 
" "" so what should be done about them ,  ""  i asked . "
"interact with the world ,  appreciate nature ,  take notice of the simple pleasures life has to offer ,  and just watch as life unfolds in front of you . "
"it would seem i ' ve been marooned ,  as no one has yet come for me . "
"last night was great ,  what i remember of it . "
"i don ' t know how to take responsibility for myself ,  okay ? "
is we get mail from teenage girls in the middle of iowa
"day seven ,  they show the classic scars of smallpox umbilication . "
"and in many of the places where it counts the most , "
when i found out that there are a whole bunch of industries
do you had any kk  -  100 copier in stock ? 
this has nothing to do with you . 
"but so did most of the flag - bearers ,  except sophia loren , "
"• we ' ve got the tweet from doug kass ,  whose main apple - related claim to fame was to publish his ""  bear case for apple  "" the day before the stock began a nosedive that lopped  $ 300 billion off the market cap of the world ' s most valuable company . "
"before the film was made ,  the question was how could those characters ,  who have been around for more than half a century in about 500 comic book issues ,  not bore the audience ,  and more importantly ,  fit together . "
that ' s a lot of work for a short voyage . 
the vietnamese economy has slowed after about ten years of fast growth . 
"you can actually incorporate these people ' s views into your decisions , "
"i don ' t know whether you realize it ,  but this condition is essential to us . "
these glasses don ' t make me dizzy or anything . 
in the transport of people between the city center  -  - 
scintists to deliberate utilization of forest and wood resources more wisely and efficiently and development of new procesing method and applied value of wood . 
the survey also revealed that employers anticipate hiring 7 %  more interns this year than they did last . 
"with common effort and common purpose ,  with passion and dedication ,  let us answer the call of history and carry into an uncertain future that precious light of freedom . "
but then i rented you another room . 
"you know ,  i ' il bet dollars to donuts ,  when you two aren ' t fighting about who shot first ,  han or greedo ,  you can still muster up enough energy to make fun of other people . "
"there are computer programmers in the united states ,  of course ,  but sometimes companies need more workers ,  need more employees than they can find in the united states . "
"as a result ,  the economy plunges for most of 2009 ,  and when the plan finally starts to kick in ,  it ' s only enough to slow the descent ,  not stop it . "
"particularly if it ' s a part of our in - group ,  cheating goes up . "
we have to go a little beyond that .  now let me explain why vibrational theory has
"and she says ,   "" what ?  only the females have eggs ?  "" "
do you think you ' ll get the work finished on time ? 
"ok ,  i had to use a little force there . "
"we at times resent tourists ,  businesspeople ,  or ngo workers who are here to play and mess around without respecting or helping cape verdeans … . "
"there was a rift within the loot ,  as albert tennyson says . "
isocyanic acid p  -  chlorophenyl ester was obtained with triphosgene and p  -  chloroaniline as raw materials . 
we can ' t start a new life with that burden . 
i think it the non  -  asian or the caucasian the affinity the mate ' s culture . 
"in petrology ,  the evidences of magma mixing ,  such as the basic magma inclusion in acid igneous rocks ,  the unequilibrium in porphyritic crystal association and the straight line trend in variation of chemical composition ,  have been recognized . "
"no passengers on board ,  but technical advisers are there to analyze the jet ' s performance . "
"the conventional wisdom these days is that there are no bad new cars .  you can ' t buy anything that doesn ' t start reliably ,  drive competently ,  brake safely ,  and look respectable .  for just a few dollars more ,  you get an array of electronic helpers ranging from navigation devices to stability controls that used to be the exclusive province of premium brands .  and even the flimsiest models have reliability records that as recently as a decade ago would be viewed as exemplary . "
"mental disorientation is but one of the many effects of alcohol consumption .  another is anti -  social behavior ,  and still another is physical deterioration . "
"there are name ,  my name ,  uh -  your name ,  pamela ,  on this end ,  and borat sagdiyev . "
a total of 20 participants with an entrepreneurial spirit worked in five groups to present their business proposals to the company’s top executives . 
"and einstein was very impressed with his exact solution , "
and i can only anticipate and get real excited about
and this is demonstrated by two specialists called hagen and silva
"mom ,  we didn ' t talk about this . "
"according to colm foy ,  the government of cape verde should seek solutions for“citizens to move from dependence to independence ,  ”and extended this recommendation to all african governments . "
sachs said the global fund has proven all the critics and naysayers wrong . 
so there ' s no need to scramble to slash spending now now now ; 
"misattributing quotes is just one aspect of our tendency to give celebrities more credit than they rightfully deserve .  nowadays ,  it ' s not just wisdom we want to gain from famous people ,  we copy everything from soccer players '  hairstyles ,  to pop singers '  fashion sense and movie stars '  exercise regimes . "
"as evening fell ,  security forces sought to launch a more definitive strike ,  blanketing the area in tear gas and detonating sound grenades . "
and what is true for them is likely to be true for people too . 
"i ,  neglecting all worldly ends ,  buried among my books ,  did dedicate my whole time to the bettering of my mind"
i thought i lost you back there . 
"finally ,  he writes his definitions ,  following the hard - and - fast rule that each definition must based on what the quotations in front of him reveal about the meaning of the word . "
also the weather forecast was so bad it was described as a joke . 
"he has also offered to negotiate the removal of some taliban from a un blacklist ,  and to give certain leaders asylum in another islamic country for the purpose of holding peace talks . "
it is more necessary than ever for all of us to work hard . 
"the purpose of introducing star frame silk scouring is to eliminate the common defects occurring in hang scouring of such heavy silk fabrics as habotai ,  twill ,  satin ,  etc . "
further up the beach from bora bora beach club — which is still just as bonkers as ever — are a bunch of new bars that are a touch more refined . 
and so you end up having this problem where you spend all this money
"with less than eight weeks to go to the november 4 election ,  women voters may determine whether governor sarah palin is a shooting star or a political force to be reckoned with now and in the future . "
success in america is unlike success anywhere else . 
how come you haven ' t married her before now ? 
but wang was worried that the pigments in her watercolors could hurt the trees . 
"building on it within days and releasing a new video , "
"in all ,  mr .  thompson had no grounds for complaint . "
the pitcher beanballed purposely at the head of the batter . 
pay careful attention the next time you read the financial news . 
"and the publican ,  standing afar off ,  would not lift up so much as his eyes unto heaven ,  but smote upon his breast ,  saying ,  god be merciful to me a sinner . "
the alliance will contribute to research and development of cost effective ballast water treatment technologies that can be fitted onboard ships . 
"become an expert .  there ' s great satisfaction in mastery .  pick a subject that interests you ,  and dig in deep :  the american revolution ,  the works of chekhov ,  wine . "
"looked up the word  "" disabled ""  to see what i ' d find . "
the red juice that comes out of rare steak is not blood ?  it is myoglobin a close relative of blood .  almost all the blood has been removed from a steak by the time it hits the market . 
i ' m going to see the dragon warrior . 
"to be what she calls ""  a translating machine  "" for the emotions shakespeare conveys ,  tian has to overcome her own religious restraints :  ""  i ' m a buddhist ,  and i believe love is about possessing and controlling and fear of loss .  so ,  i have to approach the story from the point of view of a nonbeliever .   "" "
"master ip is going ,  i am going"
"zhihu ,  a question - and - answer service ,  looks a bit like quora ,  an american firm . "
"in order ,  to mimic the structure of oxygen evolving center  ( oec )  in donor side of natural photosystem ii ,  three  ( μ - oxo ) 2mn2ⅲ , ⅳ complexes were designed and synthesized .  the crystal structures showed that mn - mn distance was 0 . 26 nm which was close tomn - mn distance of oec ( 0 . 27 - 0 . 28 nm )  . "
"he ' s got a gun ,  it ' s right behind his back . "
"in 2005 ,  the cassini probe detected water vapor and ice spewing from vents near the moon ' s south pole ,  where the subsurface lake is located . "
"uh , i mean ,  i ' veseen him coming and going . "
there are credit card schemes and airline mile programs
"so ,  heavens !  what was i to do ?  i no longer required the sticks ; "
"“i am hoping  [ mr obama ]  would look at this as a good - faith measure to move half way so that a conversation can begin , ” john boehner ,  the republican house speaker ,  said ahead of a white house meeting with mr obama . "
"meanwhile ,  nato says it will deploy reconnaissance aircraft to fly over poland and romania to monitor events in ukraine . "
"it was about my safety ,  and charlie ' s . "
"“since the financial crisis ,  governments have cut back in spending in general ,  but many have found it convenient to cut back on spending on the world’s poorest people . "
the bridge of aspiration between the royal ballet school and the royal opera house in covent garden . 
us legislators sought to curb the distribution of pirated and counterfeit products by giving the courts the power to force search engines to delist pirate ' s sites . 
macau ' s 17 casinos pay a 35 %  tax on their gross profits . 
"i will be here if you you need me ,  wanted . "
two kinds of unitary transitions are proposed to transfer complex  -  valued matrix computation to real  -  valued matrix computation . 
"little special reserve ,  too ,  compliments of the house . "
and so that they would be able to go on
mr .  fang ' s resignation announcement and health concerns were winning him little sympathy in cyberspace on thursday . 
this wavelength corresponds to one of the best windows in the atmosphere . 
"she shouldn ' t be showing her bare legs to 70 , 000 people ! "
"after both countries establish diplomatic relations ,  the bilateral relations have experienced the winding developing process . "
"multi  -  point closed  -  loop forming ,  which combines forming with on line measurement ,  is a 3 d sheet metal parts production . "
"cellphones give off a weak form of energy called nonionizing radiation ,  and the panel said it performed an exhaustive review of numerous studies of this type of radiation in animals and humans . "
"you are not very lonely ?  it lavished on the mountain azalea sky ,  put it into the fire of youth in the world bar ! "
" "" we are starting to notice a trend whereby the volume of gold investments in rising in the middle east and with time we believe it will balance out with retail demand ,  ""  she said . "
it was about pete giving the island to that little shithead ! 
"on an alternative version of the view ,  phenomenal concepts are very special ,  first - person concepts different in kind from all others  ( see tye 2003 )  . "
many large state - owned enterprises have chosen to grant paid leave to employees instead of laying them off after suspending operations because of the global financial crisis . 
"police and transport authorities have highlighted the danger in singapore ,  where the straits times newspaper recently declared cellphone - distracted road crossing  ' bad habit no .  2 '  contributing to the rising number of road deaths .   ( no .  1 is cyclists not dismounting in heavy traffic .  ) "
"not just a pocketknife ,  swiss army knife . "
the jews are all legalistic and we christians are all full of grace and truth . 
"have they ever called these people together and said , "
those of us in silicon valley were really focused on products or objects  -  - 
"according to john murphy of bank of america merrill lynch ,  author of the widely followed annual  "" car wars ""  study ,  the industry replaced 16 %  of its fleets annually between 1991 - 2011 .  but the replacement rate jumps to 23 %  for the 2012 model year ,  which began oct .  1 ,  and then surges to an extraordinary 32 %  for the following year . "
"“this is the third time i’ve welcomed freshmen and i didn’t see much change in that regard , ” zhang said .  “the number of students who came alone is the same as in previous years .  i saw two girls who came without their parents ,  that was really impressive . ”"
and now he ' s gonna show up at my fucking job . 
"we know a lot about four forces .  there must be a lot more , "
"zambia exported sugar ( 437 teu )  and cotton ( 244 teu )  ,  goods that were not registered from that origin in 2004 ,  and more than doubled its export of tobacco ( 27 teu )  . "
"to understand aboriginal art ,  it is essential to know something of the aboriginal culture and religion . "
"if one idles away his time ,  youth will fade away and life will run out on him . "
"nobody ' s going to fix the world for us ,  but working together , "
this kind of type is characteristic of nonskid stops on wet roads . 
"hissing at the base of the tree ,  jack the clawless cat kept the bear at bay for about 15 minutes ,  then ran him up another tree after an attempted escape . "
there was a nasty biography written about you by someone . 
"if the us would slap a tariff on chinese products ,  we could pay down the national debt and encourage us production . "
"a whole grain contains the germ ,  endosperm ,  and bran . "
help me mix a quarter cup of mashed strawberries with half a cup of cottage cheese and a teaspoon of sugar . 
"and i had an epiphany ,  it was  -  -  i came to my check"
"instead of dan having a fever and a rash ,  the virus travels to his brain and hides , "
"he and mr sharif seem to have got on ,  while the americans respected him . "
professor acquisti says social networks like facebook and linkedin represent some of the world ' s largest databases of identities . 
"that ' s because he channels his influence through other economists ,  while maintaining a prudent distance from the glare of quotidian policy disputes . "
"now ,   "" the lord of the rings ""  has two things played through it . "
"though this thesis focuses on the discussion of the forma just ice of law or the forma justice of the wto agreements ,  the writer does not have a dogmatic belief of forma justice of law . "
"afghanistan is now preparing for parliamentary elections ,  to be held on september 18 .  but the president ,  in a message to those who have supported afghanistan ,  said that the elections are only a first step . "
"lisbon ,  portugal ,  08 june–portugal and china want to double bilateral trade in the next three years ,  officials said wednesday in lisbon at the end of a meeting between the portuguese prime minister and the vice - president of china ' s permanent committee of the national popular assembly . "
"meaning :  you feel vulnerable and exposed ,  perhaps in a new job or relationship . "
i ' ve warned you before not to talk like this . 
"what you ' ll see ,  i think ,  is two things that are critical , "
i ' ve always been kind of a loner . 
and you must always abide by the rules of the club . 
"by adding heat ,  ice can be melted into liquid water ,  which can be evaporated . "
don ' t you think i ' m supposed to drink a lot of fluids when i have a cold ?  . 
the government veterinary officer in the area said he had never seen anything like it before . 
you mean the girl with short hair ? 
kd  -  snfs does not affect the use of normal nfs . 
"can you imagine going to your closet ,  pulling out a mothball ,  and"
that ' s why we ' re gonna be takin '   ' em to the globecom luxury suite . 
researchers found that britons work an additional 460 hours a year on average as they are able to respond to emails on their mobiles . 
"the products of autodoc consist of air freshener ,  deodorants ,  lubricant oil and car care products . "
"if we get a big lead ,  we gotta pummel these guys . "
"profile class and enumerations are not supported in this release ;  therefore ,  they do not show up in the wizard . "
"but i learned that there was a desperate shortage of skills , "
this is a skull i ' ve discovered just before taking this picture  -  - 
with my children i ' ve been able to introduce them
current at a frequency above 500 hz can be used for melting steel and other metals . 
"do you believe that somehow god was in jesus christ reconciling the world to himself ,  to quote the apostle paul or do you believe that jesus christ is divine ? "
"that were impossible to see with the naked eye , "
"we ' ll go by train as far as london ,  and then take a coach . "
"it gave me a headache and it riled jonno ,  too . "
he came back at the judge with some sharp questions . 
"so when two fighting forces are facing at very close quarters ,  any time fighting could flare up again . "
"but he also has a vibrant presence on vk ,  a russian social networking site with 43 million daily users . "
"so ,  thekid and the cougar ,  bumping the uglies . "
"the company is run by the alibaba partnership ,  a group of 20 executives in charge of running the business day - to - day . "
"meantime ,  the party is trying to refurbish its image ,  even adapting steps that seem to go against the grain of communist tradition . "
that “something else” is the economies of peripheral eurozone member countries . 
"“an activist”  ( activist )  is somebody who is very interested in one particular topic ,  and tries to get people to support him  -  to try to get political support . "
"part four conducts a comparative analysis of human rights thoughts and practices of cpc and kmt between 1921 and 1949 ,  and obtains a clear and credible conclusion ,  which points out that the differences of the two parties in human rights thoughts andpractices ,  to a great extent ,  causes the changes of forces and people ' s favor to the opposite direction ,  and consequently exerts great influence on china state fate . "
investment bankers have stracture structured some newly newer securities in highly complex ways . 
"moreover ,  nevins describes a  "" huge line ""  of micros customers waiting for an upgrade . he ' s crossing his fingers that snow  &  co .  will be upgraded before the april 8 deadline . "
it has been announced that michael jackson visit this city in may . 
let us be in love  - let us be in love
the guy fucking murders somebody and you don ' t fucking take him ! 
"if you want to visit a wonderful african country struggling to survive after years of abuse from a handful of amoral cronies of mugabe ,  then go . "
just as little as the brains that produce them . 
"digging things up out of the ground ,  possible ancestors , "
midlands english is one of the more stigmatized of english dialect groupings .  the most famous of these dialects is brummie . 
"i remember that this was the only time throughout my boyhood when a beating actually reduced me to tears ,  and curiously enough i was not even now crying because of the pain . "
"but i have one lastrequest .  please take off your coat and let me thrust my sword through it three times ,  so that i can satisfy myself that i have avenged my ex  -  master . "
as you walk around the corner and a piece of it works with the road
"it was that little girl ' s mother ,  dude . "
"football clubs ,  schools and people all over the land have really got behind this great event ,  providing further proof ,  if any were needed ,  of the prominent role football plays in all our lives . "
"is about a semester ' s worth of biology ,  and i ' ve got seven minutes . "
"as for your children ,  a lengthy spell .  .  .  in a corrective institution is long overdue . "
"you can also open the links in safari .  according to the developers’ site ,  loading wikipedia pages with wikipanion is a lot faster than accessing the wikipedia site from the iphone’s browser .  to be honest ,  we agree . "
the book was kindly and favourably reviewed in the principal papers . 
there are more things that i think that i want to do . 
"however ,  to avoid lost opportunities ,  penalties ,  and other lifefriction ,  ensure that you finish ahead of deadlines whether for a simple task ,  a bill ,  or a major project . "
"our country ,  the minorities actually have more power . "
not to go on all -  fours ;  that is the law .  are we not men ? 
i must have crash - landed and had my memory erased . 
for no reasons at all they ' il just argued over anything . 
mr mason said :  ' she didn ` t really think anything romantically to start with .  i didn ` t know anything about her and we talked all about her life and how she wants to help me .  ` 
"with the development of china ' s democratic revolution , the five - power constitution thought of mr .  sun yat - sen is known and accepted by people gradually . "
the low profit making capacity and marginal economic benefit in the industry hinders the industry from healthy development . 
3 .  paf could not promote the angiogenesis directly in human colorectal cancer . 
"jeff brazier ,  tv presenter and father to goody ' s two children ,  said :   "" i ' m devastated to learn jade sadly left us on mother ' s day . "
"certain questions give the impression that you think you already have the job ,  like asking where your desk would be located and how every minute of every day will be spent . "
"your consciousness ,  the you - ness of you ,  the me - ness of me  -  - "
us nice guys never get the girl . 
i know exactly where he ' s waiting for me . 
"federal law 49 cfr 37 , 167 requires :  these seats must be vacated for seniors and disabled persons . "
this is the epidemic in mozambique .  this is an epidemic in northern tanzania . 
groups like the raelians reflect the tastes of inquirer readers and in turn provide many a thrilling headline for us all as we stand in line waiting to pay for our groceries . 
"last week ,  my four - year - old daughter ,  sally ,  was invited to a children ' s party . "
"i mean democrats were waiting with all these ridiculous projects ,  and now they ' ve got an excuse to bring it through politically . "
to distinguish ore and non  -  ore is a problem that geophysical exploration of mineral resources is facing . 
and you have a budget to spend .  you want to spend it on the poor : 
"the first goal we share with every other living thing on this planet , "
"last week investors poured  $ 288 million into these funds ,  a citi analysis of data from fund tracker epfr shows . "
"it says china and india are vulnerable to shortages of key resources ,  while limited resources such as water and arable land could increase the risks of intrastate conflict in sub - saharan africa ,  south asia and parts of the middle east . "
the design principle and key points coil compactor designed by bar and coil plant set forth . 
we made a guess .  the guess was that schools in remote areas
"3 .  make sure you have your passport up to date ,  if you are traveling abroad .  once you ascertain that all is in order ,  make sure to drop the fact that you have done so to bob ,  employing a breezy and informative style that let ' s him know that your vacation is proceeding according to plan and that you ' re happy about it and hope he shares that happiness ,  seeing how he ' s so tuned in to other people ' s feelings and all . "
"in this article ,  focusing on how to improve the cooperative consciousness and creativity ,  i have made some daring explorations and creation ,  and i sincerely hope that it can offer some information and reference for other teachers . "
"nasa spokesman steve cole said that was possible because the last track for the satellite included canada ,  starting north of seattle and then in a large arc north then south . "
those who let their interest build more slowly can be a better long - term bet . 
genius is one per cent inspiration and ninety nine per cent perspiration . 
"to cross over ,  mammon would need divine assistance . "
and it can see right through him . 
glen johnson today insisted pepe reina ' s remarkable double save at goodison can transform liverpool ' s season . 
the enemy outnumber us a paltry three to one . 
"referring to continuing  ' major combat '  hearkens back to president bush ' s speech five years ago ,  reporting the end of  "" major combat .  "" "
"2 .  based on reflection wave p _  ( 11 )  ,  s _  ( 11 )  and refraction wave p _ n、s _ n ,  from a single - layer crust model ,  the velocity of refraction and reflection waves are obtained .  v _  ( p11 )  = 6 . 43km / s ,  v _  ( s11 )  = 3 . 72km / s ,  v _  ( p _ n )  = 8 . 02km / s . "
non  -  glare  -  this glass will look slightly fuzzy when at it ' straight on or from an extreme angle . 
"qingdao business incubator center for university students is one of them .  it was created by the human resources and social security bureau of qingdao ,  so students who set up a business there can get help from the local government . "
we were a bit surprised when we found out
how can i make him the regent ? 
maybe we need to give them a little bit more credit . 
this doll comes with a bobble head to give you an authentic recreation of cruise ' s couch moment on oprah . 
"the malware is capable of recording audio from a computer ' s microphone or collecting screenshots ,  and then sending the material back to the attackers . "
"with one heart ,  they decided to face the squadron . "
"the kit comes with an anode ,  a cathode ,  and an led light . "
my wife burst into tears when she heard the bad news . 
the man walked into the house in the dark . 
"have words to speak very face to face  ""  :  care about increasingly ,  lose right away increasingly dreadfully  ""  . "
you got a death certificate or a coroner ' s report ? 
" "" i have two ""  means two brothers ,  it should be liandu from  "" bluebottle ""  point of view ,  it will not ambiguous . "
"well ,  this mother told her little girl ,  who was very bright ,  that despite the brace and leg ,  she could do whatever she wanted to do with her life . "
"but some couldn’t help but laugh this latest twist .  the anti - government newspaper tal cual published a spoonful crossword in their friday edition with the clue what officials do when they misuse public funds while the answer ,  corruption . "
"as you can imagine ,  i spent a lot of time at airport security . "
just to make them an easier cartoon character to work with . 
over the last decade of studying market development in africa
"as is impossible for current machines this paper suggests a new way - turnplate creel to realize the ideal route ,  and eliminate this irregularity ; "
"t .  ,  could we please go beforedad gets home and ruins our lives . "
six and a half to seven hours as the sun moves across the sky
of empathy in connection to it .  even if it wasn ' t as
nine states allow civil unions or provide rights under domestic partnership laws . 
"luanda ,  angola ,  31 aug–angola ' s finance minister ,  carlos lopes ,  said monday in luanda that japan would soon start providing angola with subsidised loans ,  as part of an attempt to boost economic cooperation between the two countries . "
"and i would try to reason with them and say , "
"the bank manager was really to blame ,  though he tried to pin it on a clerk . "
" "" grace kelly is coming ,  ""  and i want you to take care of her"
"that we could lift the level of consciousness around the fundamental issues , "
your mustrt harbour hatred that ' s what dad says
"dorio knows a thing or two firsthand about changing careers :  he started out as a roman catholic priest and superintendent of catholic high schools ,  before returning to college for graduate degrees in organizational behavior and industrial psychology .  those credentials -  -  plus his transferable experience in team - building and counseling -  -  led to his being hired by a consulting firm .  he now runs his own coaching and consulting company ,  with fortune 500 clients like merck  ( mrk )  and johnson johnson  ( jnj )  . "
"the first  "" bantam jeep ""  was manufactured seventy years ago in the city of butler ,  just north of pittsburgh . "
"and see that there are some problems in the tradition , "
"if you leave now ,  you could be in danger"
"in particular ,  information architects can block out the plan for a content set using these large  - scale design patterns as collective objects . "
"it is not enough to be industrious ,  so are the ants .  what are you industrious for ? "
"when i rule the earth ,  you will be the first .   .   .   .   .   . on my list . "
"siquela also said that reconstruction work on the two stretches would require a review of the figures calculated over a year ago ,  due not only to teh delay in starting the work ,  but also to the increasingly poor state particularly of the massinga / inhassengue stretch ,  which is considered to be the most important along the entire en1 . "
"cae will also promote courses on marketing and communication ,  human resources ,  business plans and quality systems . "
"to oneself of ,  don ' t give up ,  lost ,  make a memory ; "
and the crowd around me bears an even bigger question : 
"take care ,  in this training ,  to be a good mutant . "
"7 )   "" leverage ""  – again ,  let ' s all be thankful someone found a shorter ,  more convenient way to say the word  "" use .  "" "
it is a bucolic refuge in the midst of a great bustling city . 
"they thought it was a brazen attempt to siphon cash out of satyam ,  in which the raju family held a small stake ,  into firms the family held more tightly . "
"the structure has been refined by the full matrix least - squares method , final r = 0 .  031 , rw  =  0 .  031 .  in the molecule the sb atom makes use of six sp3d3 hybrid orbitals to combine with three o atoms ,  three n atoms and a lone - pair valence electrons to form a pentagonal pyramidal coordination configuration . "
you look a wee bit shaky . 
"of course ,  in swedish ,  the word  "" friend ""  can also be translated as  "" limping twerp .  "" "
"now ,  these boys are from ltaly ,  okay ? "
"in 1923 ,  gm ' s first european assembly plant is established in copenhagen under the name general motors international a / s . "
"honorary freeman include bob geldof ,  nelson mandela ,  alan shearer and the royal shakespeare company . "
he used his second inaugural address to remind americans of their unique heritage and of the need to come together to seize this moment . 
in 1889 chicago had the peculiar qualification of growth which made such adventuresome pilgrimages even on the part of young girls plausible . 
defending barrister john charles rees qc said freaney had never disputed killing her son and was a woman with no previous convictions . 
"for eyes ,  between 20 , 000 and 60 , 000 bursts a second is enough . "
"like ,  this is viagra that i bought from a backstreet sex shop in china . "
"the road ,  which will cut through the interior of the provinces of inhambane and gaza ,  would greatly reduce the distance between south africa and the tourist resorts on the coast of inhambane . "
bill gates :  i ' ve seen some things you ' re doing in the system
and for over a year he has known that a price has been put on his head . 
"ladies and gentlemen ,  our plane jolting due to strong airflow . "
"one work that exemplified that union on a rather spectacular scale was martha rosler ' s ""  meta - monumental garage sale ,   "" which made its debut in 1973 and will be recreated at museum of modern art this fall .  the piece incorporates rarefied art forms closely associated with conceptualism ,  like performance and installation .  at the same time it ' s exactly the funky thing its title says it is . "
"in the meantime ,  i’d better get used to hoofing it around town ! "
"never waste anything ,  but above all never waste time . "
and this is the weight of all air and land vertebrates . 
to come up with new symbols for the restroom doors . 
"i think that in the last six months ,  their position has changed ,  we were able to convince them to ,  at last ,  publish these details . "
"and he said ,   "" well ,  instead of using one stroke and two strokes , "
he found out the hard and painful way that he eats much the way a fly eats . 
i ' ve never even seen you with a girl . 
"this leads to the main criticisms that can be levelled at the new detroit :  that it focuses on downtown and midtown ;  that it is benefiting people who ,  often enough ,  live not in the city but the suburbs ;  and that the bulk of detroit’s inhabitants are being overlooked . "
"late autumn season ,  hill road on foot deciduous almost drowned ,  most of the oak plant  ( oak )  ,  is deciduous under thick layer of acorn ,  will slip slightly to unawareness . "
woman  # 2 :  i ' m a little bit confused .  woman  # 3 :  they look like the squares to me . 
"some of us may have opted for one of these extremes , "
there will come a day when you become nostalgic for all of those body parts that you don ' t like now . 
i just don ' t like being told what to do . 
"i was living in a rural part of canada , "
games and labor can be a physical education curriculum resource development content . 
"the earthquake may lead to thousands of deaths ,  said karel zelenka ,  acatholicrelief services representative in port - au - prince . "
"one reason it —— french language that we use in this expression is because some americans ,  at the time ,  thought the french did not have very moral or ethical ideas ,  and therefore ,  if you said something bad  -  said something that was bad language  -  you were saying that that ' s something that someone speaking french might say . "
he was unhappy because of his separation from his mother . 
"the magnificent opening scene the audience to conquer the world ,  guru ' s crowded race to attract world attention ,  warm and thoughtful service has won wide acclaim from the organization . "
"today the chief was in century park in shanghai .  a kid was flying his kite with his father and it got caught way up in the tree .  i climbed the tree and was able to get the kite .  the kid and father were so happy !  a crowd was afraid ,  but no worries .   the chief is a good climber ! "
then they calculated how much the temperature in each cell deviated from the cell ' s reference value in any given summer . 
you can stop talking on your cellphone now . 
the success of jump boys opened up yu  -  hsien lin ' s film career . 
and dig out these personal characters that they have . 
"in the last three years brazil has had a growing trade surplus with the cplp countries .  in the first eight months of 2004 brazil ' s surplus was us $ 785 million ,  and rose to us $ 836 million in the same period of last year . "
" ' i walked and walked but after a few hours i didn ' t have any idea where i was and i couldn ' t find my way back ,  '  he told local media . "
"one u . s .  official said older chinese officials who dealt with mr .  kim ' s father ,  kim il sung ,  remember him as largely predictable and responsive to chinese influence .   ' he was more pliant ,  '  the official said they were told . "
surrender all your dreams to me tonight
and they brought quite a bit of this stuff . 
"according to sousa ,  the move into angola is not“an attack ”on the other portuguese beer brands as“there is room for all the brands ,  given the expected growth rates . ”"
"is the out of office agent not working for just one person ,  or for everyone ? "
"if there is one company in the world that can bear down ,  dig in ,  and fix this over time ,  it is toyota . "
"if we had listened to them ,  this hydropower station would never have been built . "
i don ' t think that ' s a very accurate statement . 
by the ones that have the yellow tags on their shirt . 
he always turned on the lights in a random order . 
"perhaps the greatest architect in the united kingdom ,  lord norman foster  -  - "
"how can one explain what one does at night in the lab ,  every single night ? "
a facebook spokesperson declined to comment on whether the couple signed such an agreement . 
"the discussion is all about images on the computer ,  data . "
"provide  "" pause ""  and  "" stop ""  items on the eset system tray icon pop up to allow users to pause or stop scans  ( including scheduled scans )  . "
" "" i don ' t know ,  sir ,  '  said olsen .  ""  we have about all the help we need . "
"you cross bridge ,  or i kill her ! "
"xiaofang ' s assessment of him can stand for the general feeling of female students toward their male counterparts :   "" they ' re practical but emotionally stupid .  no doubt they ' re good with money ,  but when it comes to romance they haven ' t got a clue .  they don ' t even understand that sometimes a girl needs something a little more from a guy than just a daily phone - call .  "" "
it is a little bit like having a waste treatment plant
"why ?  because we know what you have ,  and we know how to treat it  -  - "
"“it is from the basis of eco - tourism ,  safari ,  hunting ,  fishing amongst other things that we are going to attract thousands of tourists from the four corners of the globe ,  including those that will travel to the soccer world cup in south africa in 2010 ,  ”chingunji noted . "
i want them to have a point of view and character . 
the italian loan completes a finance package of around us $ 80 million needed to build the bridge .  the european union had already pledged 25 million euros and sweden a further 21 million euros . 
"in an attempt to boost efficiency ,  china has announced a restructuring plan of government agencies ,  getting rid of the ministries of railways and health ,  among other moves . "
"not everyone is convinced ,  however ,  that sms texting is on life support .   "" millions of smart phone devices are being activated daily and connecting to new app services .  that means there is room for both messaging platforms ,  ""  explains arjun sethi ,  co - founder of messageme ,  a chat app that lets users also share photos ,  doodles ,  songs ,  videos ,  and their location .  with  $ 1 . 9 million in funding from backers like andreessen horowitz ,  greylock ,  and google ventures ,  messageme rolled out last month and picked up 1 million users after just one week . "
you don ' t wanna sit in jail for three months unless -  - 
"it makes sense for western countries ,  like workers in their 50s ,  to save for retirement rather than run up their credit -  card bills . "
"you ' d have a plate of spaghetti ,  and you would pour it on ,  right ? "
"that was the origin of the thing that became independent diplomat , "
"when she got cancer ,  it was like the floor fell from underneath . "
beyond what we can caress with our hands we have no obligations
the room doesn ' t look the same without her . 
and it turns out it ' s a pseudo - random number generator using deterministic chaos . 
is there anything we canhelp you with ? 
"time is a versatile performer .  it flies ,  marches on ,  heals all wounds ,  runs out and will tell . "
"now prime minister ,  mr .  rudd has confirmed he will pull out more than 500 of the approximately one thousand australian troops deployed in the persian gulf region . "
but she says there is no credible evidence that positive thinking alone directly influences tumor growth . 
i zipped through all of the books in a couple of days . 
"so ,  speaking of which ,  what ' s up on the work front ? "
"having many strong social ties could help you live a longer ,  healthier life ,  according to a study from brigham young university and the university of north carolina at chapel hill researchers . "
"and boyle ,  the bookmakers '  favorite and international chat show darling since her endearingly awkward audition clip clocked up more than 100 million views on youtube ,  lost out too . "
embassy .  other foreigners illegally working as nannies or housekeepers have also been among those caught . 
sunburn alert :  this product contains an alpha hydroxy acid  ( aha )  that may increase your skin ' s sensitivity to the sun and particularly the possibility of sunburn . 
"the construction of the second phase of the ling ' ao plant ,  the only nuclear plant o be built in china between 2001 and 2005 ,  began last year and will include two 1 - million kilowatt generators ,  which are expected to go online in 2010 and 2011 . "
"edeluc recently bought the right to use almost 40 percent of the export processing area in weifang ,  in shangdong province ,  with the aim of installing companies that wish to launch themselves onto the chinese market . "
"the sweater ' s manufacture ,  the minnesota - based st croix company ,  saw sales of the item double since jobs '  death . "
the method can be used to rapidly discriminate trichomonads from various species . 
"not least ,  languages are factors for development and growth . "
"whatever the reason -  -  voter opposition to more transfers of their wealth to beach - lolling southerners ,  a desire to force reforms on reluctant profligates ,  a desire to force several nations to surrender even more sovereignty ,  or mere self - interest -  -  ms .  merkel is earning her sobriquet as madame nein .  and will continue to do so until she has persuaded her colleagues to amend the euro - zone treaty to permit brussels  ( spelled b - e - r - l - i - n )  to control the tax ,  spending and fiscal policy of euro - zone members . "
"from then on ,  we focused on playing not only asian but world football . "
"we don ' t expect to see major changes in axiom ' s performance relative to the other document models ,  but it ' s possible that some of the details will be different . "
"it works with lasers which work kind of like a bat ,  he said . "
"i mean ,  why all the coy disguises ? "
"if you ' re going to take the trouble to exercise ,  you want to know you ' re doing it properly . "
"finally indigo spoke ,  much more quietly than all the others ,  but with just as much determination :  “think of me . "
these grassroots movements have differed from previous protests in that religion has not been a driving force . 
"the air defence systems on display at airshow china in november showed a strong emphasis on deployable ,  multi - functional weapons with the export market firmly in mind . "
"with the appearance of the minority in employment in our country , the ministry of finance and state administration of taxation carry out , in sucession , a series of tax policies to promote the employment rate .  however , there is a bias in applying the“justice”and “care”principles , so that these policies are not effective as expected . "
"but he got better ,  and then he got worse . "
"cruised the museum ,  went all around the walls and did a lot of damage . "
we ' ve been together a long time too . 
"“we hope that over the next few months all the targets will be reached and the program can be concluded ,  ”pastor said after a meeting with the government . "
"frank thinks the stage is haunted  -  -  like , for real . "
"we have ,  from the time we are slapped on the butt"
i believe  -  you can do something in an instant that will give you heartache for life . 
we get one child like that about every classroom of 30 kids
and it ' s not even a school night ! 
the gis didn ' t like to talk about country or flag and were embarrassed by patriotic bombast . 
and that i knew things would get all serious . 
she cries every time she thinks of you
but they remained at odds over how to punish kim jong  -  il ' s regime . 
it is a juicy piece of gossip . 
"every expectant mother wants a healthy baby .  but many clinics in sub - sahara africa lack the basics  -  basics that doctors and nurses need to ensure safe deliveries for parents and child ,  basics like reliable electricity . "
he attempted to rebut the assertions made by the prosecution witness . 
you ' re in the middle of the ocean .  .  .  surrounded by tiny little sea horses . 
"if the woman with the briefcase has a frown on her face ,  you may state ,   "" that woman is unhappy  .  "" "
" "" on top of this we recognize here at ucla that we have a large student population here on campus .  roughly forty percent of our undergrad students are from families with roots to countries throughout asia . "
"but there is likely more to this story of matrimonial play - pretend .  china has a more traumatic history of marriage commemoration than exists in the western experience .  traditionally ,  brides were often hardily hazed on the day of their weddings ,  and many mourned being forced to leave their parents '  home to take up with a virtual stranger — and his critical mother .  this history may inform the sentiment conveyed by one group of female graduates who had been together for all seven years of their higher education .  when asked about wearing wedding dresses to commemorate their graduation ,  they said they couldn ' t help but weep since they felt like they were  "" leaving home and getting married .  "" "
renovascular hypertension  ( rvh )  is a disease with low prevalence which is below 1 %  in hypertension . 
"an illustration composed of small ,  colored stones or tiles set into cement . "
"come on ,  i wanna talk to you . "
he usually took the cheapest form of transport and stayed at youth hostels costing less than 50 yuan per night . 
"i want my five bucks back ,  buddy . "
"than in the other case ,  where she thought it was poison"
"then why don ' t you keep it off ,  chowder ? "
one is how we need to use market - based pricing to affect demand
"he motioned to the memorial ,  which sits over the remains of the battleship sunk by the japanese in the pearl harbor attack . "
"“right now the voice of the opposition is very loud , ” said one executive at a large state - owned coal company . "
i want you both on that plane . 
and that seemed to be the best way to reconcile
"people ccry not because love ends ,  but because still continues , even if it ' s over . "
getting rid of it usefully might sound like a miracle . 
at a time when so many of us feel like we ' re lacking guidance . 
and i still seemed to understand what it was he was saying . 
the open fields in the city have now been entirely built in . 
"someone said that they notice that americans are always drinking something ,  even when they are out in public they have a bottle of water or cup of coffee from starbucks or some soda . "
"our thoughts and prayers go out to all the people who are potentially affected .  we are extraordinarily grateful for our first responders ,  because they ' re going to be working 24 / 7 around the clock ,  non - stop .  and i want to make sure that our thoughts and prayers go out to all those who may end up be dealing with a very difficult situation over the next several days . "
for non  -  key way of plate cylinder screws must be tightened up . 
"ned ,  go back to your desk and start putting together your things . "
there were the same characters in the pollen morphology of pyrus .  the significant differences existed in the size and shape of pollen grains and stripe ornamentation of different species and between varieties . 
"tang cited one particularly outstanding funeral he organized a few months ago ,  for a mother who had been diagnosed with terminal cancer and planned the funeral alongside tang in her dying days .  they bought two stuffed bears and stitched a card over each one ' s heart ,  bearing the farewell words of the mother .  tang then dressed the bears in clothes studded with heart - shaped patches ,  represented the mother ' s pain and love . "
"we ' re at cross - purposes :  i ' m talking about astronomy ,  you ' re talking about astrology . "
"the innovation ,  flexibility and social interaction that lie at the heart of new information and communication technologies can support these goals . "
omitting the cast results in compile  -  time error cs 0266 . 
here jephson thought of mason  -  let him counteract that if he can . 
"that was quite a night last night ,  huh ,  nick ? "
5 .  serve with lashings of real maple syrup and extra butter if you like . 
we went offand left ours at home . 
let ' s get jamming on the toe jam . 
"the journalist immediately set out to obtain these important facts ,  but he took a long time to sent them . "
"principle of diodes and transistors ,  two principal semiconductor devices .  specially ,  we focus on how these devices are . "
why do you waste your time on that crackpot ? 
non  -  attachment is self  -  mastery ;  it is freedom form desire for what is seen or heard . 
"from the findings obtained through analysis and generalization ,  the paper draws the following conclusion :  the students in vocational college are poor in autonomous english learning ,  especially in using metacognitive strategy . "
"after that ,  however ,  the issue of council expansion still faces a long and difficult road .  a second general assembly resolution would be needed to decide which countries would be named to permanent council seats . "
"i have a contract with colonel stonehill ,  which he will make payment on tomorrow ,  or the next day . "
and i think that ' s something that people have talked about for 20 years  -  - 
"so you think simon elder ,  the billionaire philanthropist , "
it ' s not bad .   / no one will even notice .   / no one will notice ?   / no one will notice ?   / no one will notice ?   /  -  no one will notice ? 
"in healthier children ,  more for the household ,  more for the economy and all that . "
"in a few decades .  in other words ,  since the theme of this session"
maybe it goes beyond those people who are directly responsible for him going to jail . 
"by that standard ,  greek creditors ,  who recently suffered a 50 %  loss via default ,  were lucky . "
sort of continuing the public realm into the water . 
"but what they ' re seeing ,  way out there in the far reaches"
janudice digression approximately team was satisfaction .  in 93 . 33 %  cases the treatment was better . 
this blood  -  letting is damaging the reputation of the party . 
he turned away when he noticed that i had seen him . 
"spending - wealthy europeans are far more likely to spend their dough on travel and interior decorating .  latin americans seem to put the highest spending priority on education ,  while the u . s .  surges above the rest in philanthropy  ( which the report counts as spending )  . "
"the question that we had is how can bacteria ,  these primitive organisms , "
"herling declined to give details of which brazilian soccer club was involved in the us $ 180 million project ,  saying that there was a confidentiality clause in the contract ,  but the brazilian press has reported negotiations with fluminense . "
what if this thingwere used where life already exists ? 
"good ,  just don ' t set the place on fire . "
"the doyle couple put down a good supply of meats , eggs , wine and pickles . "
"at that time ,  they were beginning to be brought into the civilian market . "
"i came outhere to do what you do .   "" "
the police think she ' s still in the vicinity - 
i know they did not get them all . 
adding that china has made an extraordinary historical contribution to global poverty reduction . 
"there have only been ,  what ,  10 cases in the last 20 years ? "
"but may ,  where do people go after they die ? "
and we use it to penetrate through the video
the costs of this approach would not cost trillions of dollars which is what the current price tag is for keeping the banks afloat . 
because they know that the “liquor” is a metaphor for today’s political scandals . 
"she received numerous scholastic honors and service awards ,  including inclusion in the international who ' s who in education ; "
"steve sillett ,  when he was a 19 - year - old college student"
my friend miss su writes excellent new  -  style poetry and has a great appreciation for old  -  style poetry . 
"jim broke away from his friends ,  saying "" i have got to hit the books . "
"for nothing is hidden except that it may manifested ,  nor has anything become concealed but that it may come into the open . "
you ' re not an assassin of fate sloan . 
patients will recover useful visual acuity after mentioned complications treated in time properly . 
"the excellent moral tradition of chinese people is the fruit of human intelligence during the long history of several thousand years ,  they can regulate the human behavior and contain the rich philosophy and the simple spirit of materialistic dialectics ,  they can soak into the deep soul of people and affect their thoughts and behavior ,  they can turn into people ' s flesh and blood and build the great national spirit of china . "
" "" arrived in the city of stalingrad ,  on the banks of the volga . "
"the first thing is this is not a  "" radiative ""  technology . "
you ' il have to show the house without me . 
"ok ,  so i ' d like you to take a little away from this . "
we need eternal  ( heavenly )  significance ;  worldly success alone just won ' t satisfy . 
that in turn would mean stocks would have to fall about 40 %  to return to their average level relative to earnings . 
is there a sharpness setting on this thing ? 
"idaho ,  with the largest inventory of roadless acres outside alaska ,  submitted its petition on wednesday . "
"university student shen jiahui said learning english was important to young chinese .  but after two days in australia ,  she and fellow student wang taojun said they had found few australian students who could speak chinese . "
"a soviet military officer named dmitri polyakov ,  posted to new york in the 1960s ,  was refused permission by an implacable moscow to take his fatally ill son to a u . s .  doctor . "
a sort of engineering analysis into what happened  -  - 
"a knife to this area will disorient the r tracking device ,  but not for long . "
"see ,  we spent a lot of energy ,  in many domains  -  - "
"methodsa case with isaacs syndrome was reporttedresults and conclusionisaacs syndrome is characterized by the occurrence of spontaneous and continuous muscle fiber activity ,  associated with muscle cramps ,  pseudomyotonia and myokymia ,  stiffness and delayed relaxation of the muscle . "
donation forms are available at the student union office at g 06 cheung chuk shan amenities centre . 
"according to methods of evaluating ,  so effects of binarization processing to the fingerprint characteristics are different . "
i need you to get up right now and leave the city . 
"the company ,  which is present in over 100 countries ,  has factories in brazil ,  argentina ,  portugal ,  mexico and china . "
enter the quantity of chocolates that he does have in stock and consider the order fulfilled . 
these astringent molecules found in grapes  ( and in the oak barrels used in winemaking )  do a real number on your tongue . 
i went to detonate you quickly run faster
"in that context ,  personal tailor took me back to an earlier feng . "
"you don ' t notice it ,  but when the aggregate comes up"
look at the bright lights of shanghai . 
i hope there ' s a ship up there . 
"their duty was no longer one of waiting ,  but of rising up from bended knees and going forward in the way of heroic faith . "
allow me to congratulate you on your great accomplishment . 
"a french unit ,  comprised of 150 personnel ,  took over the rotating role of patrolling the baltic airspace from germany . "
coffee has always been an important drink in the united states and elsewhere . 
"no ma ' am ,  i ain ' t suppose to utter your name . "
"i don’t know what he’s told you ,  but he’s not luke trimble . "
rescue workers scrambled to multiple blast scenes as iraq reeled from yet another day of coordinated attacks . 
being around someone who’s really happy can put you in a good mood . 
he goes back up to b .  he gets very excited .  goes to f - sharp .  goes to e . 
i ' m gettingpsychotic from a lack of rem sleep . 
vegetation restoration in western liaoning hilly region :  a study based on succession theory and degradation degree of ecosystem
he has fooled a lot of people into believing he is a rich man . 
"then the idea is that you can see ,  if you illuminate tissue , "
"ms .  park ' s liberal rival ,  moon jae - in ,  admitted defeat after a closely - fought contest . "
it ' s a very deadly virus that was first identified in 1976 . 
"luanda ,  angola ,  05 oct–the executive director of the usa - angola chamber of commerce ,  paul hare ,  said wednesday in luanda that there was growing interest in investing in angola from the us business community ,  particularly in sectors not related to oil . "
"it always adds up to zero - zero - sum .  but if you ' re playing doubles , "
" ' medical and psychological literature suggest that sexual activity is associated with good health ,  endurance ,  mental well - being ,  mental capacities and dietary habits ,  '  he says . "
"the marks ,  microstructure ,  macro and micro fractureappearance of the 11 th order fan rotor blades was analyzed . "
"gong linna was a struggling folk singer before her lyric - less song tan te ,  or perturbed ,  composed by her german husband ,  became an internet sensation .  her powerful voice ,  wide vocal range and dramatic facial expressions drew rave reviews .  she first performed the 4 - minute song in berlin in 2006 ,  but it wasn ' t picked up in china until 2009 ,  when it began doing the rounds on the internet . "
"marius had lived in the house for a tolerably long time ,  and he had had ,  as we have said ,  but very rare occasion to see ,  to even catch a glimpse of ,  his extremely mean neighbors . "
they differ for each individual measurement but average out to be close to zero over a large sample . 
"i ' m not one of the oil rubbers ,  i ' m just a guard . "
its post - bubble predicament is made worse by the soaring energy prices that result from the strong growth of the world economy . 
it has been a great privilege to speak to you about just a few of your many innovations and new ways of doing things for the betterment of world health . 
in order to build a method by gas chromatography  -  mass spectrometry  ( gc  /  ms  ) quantitative technique for the determination of tetramine in blood of acute poisoning patients . 
"also had an eventful international career ,  winning euro 88  '  ,  however he blotched his copybook by infamously spitting at rudi voller at italia 90  '  . "
a woman has been given an asbo banning her from making too much noise when having sex with her husband . 
they laid on an acrobatic performance for the children . 
"lf memory serves ,  there was a dubious flirtation with nuclear fission reactors resulting in toxic side effects . "
"an eternity ,  during which we ' il be vulnerable to attack . "
couldn ' t see any relationship between what they learned in school
arsenal will need another powerful performance from frimpong to keep city at arm ' s length in the second leg at emirates stadium . 
this may facilitate the customer to glance over our company the homepage to bring a bigger opportunity . 
"the doctor explains how he can stitch up blood vessels in a healthy limb ,  causing it to blacken with gangrene over a few days . "
it was evident from the first that he never intended to carry out his promise . 
"according to accounts ,  published wednesday in the macau press ,  only mgm grand paradise and melco pbl gaming ,  in which pansy ho and lawrence ho ,  are ,  respectively ,  shareholders ,  posted a loss . "
the show has aired in the washington area for fifty years . 
you need to eat a little bit less during those pre - ordained meals and at 2 - 3 more eating periods during your day . 
"that ' s a great crowd you got down there ,  joe . "
"from the personnel recruitment point of view ,  it ' ll allow us to get the right staff . "
an acid solution is concentrated when it has very much acid in it . 
"it is a child ' s heaven for a time and ,  were he to grow older there ,  would be his nightmare . "
"these operations are  "" atomic  ;  ""  they always happen together ,  without any other threads executing in between them . "
it ' s really about  -  -  our nature is to be happy ; 
i will make this brief and to the point . 
they booted him out of the company for not working . 
"every morning when i get up , seeing you and the sunshine , that ' s the future i want . "
"if he is lucky ,  he may also win favor from some big figures even before the interviews are held . "
"it can interact with the simulation model in rotating ,  translating ,  scaling and cutaway view or draw postprocessing cloud chart to make researchers easily analyse the simulation results . "
but i think he has given us this building
the countdown to world blood donor day  ( wbdd )  has started . 
"but being behind us ,  she could leave some messages . "
"to alter the structure of  ( a protein )  ,  as with heat ,  alkali ,  or acid ,  so that some of its original properties ,  especially its biological activity ,  are diminished or eliminated . "
it ' s full of so much love and warmth . 
"likely cause :  stress may be a factor ,  but otherwise they are a random occurrence . "
and it turns out that it ' s actually pretty simple to figure out . 
"so ,  you wanna take my wife off me ? "
"if you ' re in america and you don ' t know about this one ,  we do , "
be careful with that umbrella you nearly jabbed my eye out !  . 
"and he warned that the us and its partners were willing to impose sanctions key economic sectors such as banking ,  energy and mining if moscow doesn’t back down . "
"yeah ,  but do you consider a dog to be a filthy animal ? "
"because people say ,   "" bloody hell mate ,  i haven ' t got time to get fit . "
"about 1 . 1 %  cases were in delirious and dysphoria state ,  0 . 2 %  cases had light allergy reaction . "
is it because i had the filter that i have such a strong coincidence
japonicus selecting the root point at 9∶00～9∶00 and using 25 %  mixed solution of pectinase and cellulase to digest cell walls for 5h .  the chromosome numbers of erective and creepy o .  japonicus in mianyang were 2n = 68 and its cardinal number of chromosome was x = 17 . the relative length of chromosomes of the two o . 
the next international talks on iran ' s nuclear program take place this month in moscow . 
i was going to be executed in two days . 
"first ,  they only then one kind take down the news the way . "
"in addition to the all - star cast who dubbed the chinese version ,  people may find several other chinese elements in the film – that ' s the result of chinese investment on this film .  tenma ' s unemotional love for toby is a typical chinese father - son relationship .  and ,  astro boy ' s friends on earth ,  members of the scientific group ,  are from china .  trashcan ,  the robotic dog ,  writes in chinese ,  trying to tell its master what astro boy really is . "
"no shit ,  i ' m gonna be with you . "
" ( 2 )  different dose of testosterone propionate was adopted to test its effect on wanxi geesebroodiness behavior ,  and the dose of 1 . 00ml /  goose had the best efficiency ,  0 . 70ml / goosewas inferior and 0 . 40ml / goose was not good . "
"ps :  don ' t get off .  you don ' t get off ,  but don ' t worry about me . "
this place is where our fraternity was born . 
bonus :  probably makes a mean bbq !  also works to get rid of dead zombies . 
your face smells like an old man ' s balls . 
and you are going to have corresponding abnormal neurology . 
there is one simple way to crowd worry out of your mind :  make yourself busy . 
"so a pretty big endeavor ,  and we worked on the dispensers . "
and these are predominantly what are called the omega - 3 fatty acids . 
"the marriage -  day was shining brightly ,  and they were ready outside the closed door of the doctor ' s room ,  where he was speaking with charles darnay . "
"the assembly moved up the vote in order to pass the draft before sunday ,  when egypt ' s highest judicial power is expected to rule on whether to dissolve the panel . "
"of the commercial networks abroad ,  ason technology is mainly applied in the backbone network . "
"so with two designers ,  tolga and christina ,  at my office ,  we took a track  -  - "
"and then you have to do the initial sketch of the character , "
"tomorrow ,  we may not be around to write back . "
reviews of bone graft transplantation combines with dental implant restored maxillofacial defects
"our society and schools are stigmatizing the so - called tomboys with "" improper gender behavior ""  ,  condemning them or their ""  misdemeanor ""  ,  and trying to reform them accordingly . "
my time is precious ;  i can only give you a few minutes . 
"from 11pm to 3am ,  most of your blood circulation concentrates in your liver .  your liver gets larger when filled with more blood .  this is an important time when your body undergoes detoxification process .  your liver neutralizes and breaks down body toxins accumulated throughout the day .  however if you don ' t sleep at this time ,  your liver cannot carry out this detoxification process smoothly . "
"for those who survive this period ,  one in five requires nursing home care ,  an emergency department visit ,  hospitalization ,  surgery and rehabilitation ,  all with huge health - care costs . "
harrison dies a few years after the gates opens . 
"is that all you ' ve got ,  mr .  fox ? "
"don ' t think it is settled yet ;  the director always has the last word ,  said tom . "
"it抯 verified that the proposed cutaway method is stable and flexible ,  and satisfy the application requirement . "
she didn ' t mention anything about my mom . 
"hilary mantel ' s man booker prize - winning novel ,  “wolf hall” ,  was a momentous work about the court of henry viii ,  as seen through the lens of thomas cromwell . "
"this is the first one ,  and this is showing ,  over the last 900 years , "
"the kpmg report said that , “the beginning of gas production at temane ,  a rise in production capacity of aluminum after the launch of phase ii of mozal ,  and the greater dynamism of the transport and communication sectors with new operators entering the market . ”"
 ( accomplishments here refer to any results you are proud of ) 
army officials said five militants were also killed during the raid in jhelum district in the east of pakistan . 
"of the automobile ,  forget it  -  -  you ' re never going to fly it . "
a journalist should be just and never judge by appearances . 
"in chapter four ,  the calculational results are given based opn non  -  linearly finite element software abaqus . "
"he blasted governments for  "" ignoring .  .  .  basic scientific facts ""  by continuing to depend on fossil fuels ,  build more coal  -  fired plants and drill for oil in the deep ocean and the arctic . "
"finally ,  we give you number one ,  which isn ’t really a sex  -  related death ,  but might as well be on this list due to the way this person died . "
this is not a conflict of nations . 
the same is true for seeds that pass through animals that graze on weeds . 
she ' s a friend of that liar jane and is probably tarred with the same brush . 
"she says ,  “i thought we were going in circles . ” the expression “to go in circles” means to go around a certain place ,  but not where you want to go . "
step three :  develop your career synopsis .  where are you in your career ?  review all aspects of your career and examine where you stand at this juncture .  some questions to ask yourself : 
"an american dictionary of the english language took 18 years to complete and webster learned 26 other languages in order to research theetymologyof its 70 , 000 entries . "
retrospective comparison of outcomes with nevirapine  -  or efavirenz  -  based regimens . 
chronic obstructive pulmonary disease  ( copd )  is a lung ailment that is characterized by a persistent blockage of airflow from the lungs . 
"bombardier ,  which is headquartered in quebec ,  is the third largest manufacturer of commercial aircraft ,  as well as producing railway rolling stock . "
"i know people who have gotten over jealousy , "
"if you have exactly the same one  -  same color ,  same design ,  and same size ,  of course . "
i kind of had forgotten there was a question at the heart of my letter . 
"the basic plastic deformation laws of compressible sintered powder materials such as volume change ,  mass constancy ,  small poisson ratio ,  hydrostatic stress affecting on yield etc .  are analyzed . "
to manifest itself in the form of organized violence on american soil . 
why don ' t you go have another lunch ? 
he would have left oslo without telling a soul . 
"another battleground will be germany ,  where three brothers ,  alexander ,  oliver and marc samwer ,  have become the copycat kings of europe . "
he says he overheard mcgivens gathering his men to go see cortez . 
"a speechidiosyncrasy ,  in the same way as an airquote ,  is really justifiable only if it ' s employed verysparinglyand if the user consciously intends to be using it . "
"because i know what i own ,  you balding impotent liar ! "
"so i ' ll flip a coin .  if it comes up heads ,  you ' re going to actually lose a lot . "
"so in june ,  when alabama passed the nation’s most draconian anti - immigration law ,  it struck many observers as a bit of an overreaction . "
"having found a true confidant in broken sword if i die ,  i am content with my life . "
"“when i consulted officials in the overseas student service in china last month ,  they told me that i should stay 360 days overseas , ” she said .  “they will check my entry and exit dates and one day less than the required days can deny me the right to apply for a hukou in shanghai . ”"
"you wouldn ' t want decent hearing ,  you would want perfect hearing . "
ectopically expressed gfp - hhbrkl fusion protein distributed diffusely in the cell cytoplasm and becomes enriched at the leading edge of living cells . 
we ' ve been in contact with his company . 
what do you guys havethat none of the other teams have ? 
"comparing to this value ,  the deep denudation thickness obtained by the correction method considering the reburial effect is 1 100 ~ 3 000 m . "
i promised the kidsi ' d take them to cheeseria . 
methods small  ( about 2 0 mm×2 0 mm× 200 μm )  specimens of lec were excised from the limbal regions in rabbits .  each of the specimens was cut into four tissues .  the tissues were loosen by enzyme digestion and cultivated on acellular human am . 
the winning goal was scored by the maestro himself . 
i was awake all last night trying to figure it out . 
"currently ,  air china is suggesting that passengers travel on air china between chin and europe and on brazil ' s tam linhas a éreas between europe and brazil ,  said doug you . "
the authorities take a dim view of protests at the best of times . 
"as well as the guide ,  the brazil - china business council organizes bi - weekly meetings to exchange experiences between business owners ,  lobbies the brazilian government for approval of policies that favor bilateral trade between china and brazil and publishes information via publications ,  events ,  conferences and talks . "
"and we ' d sit at the easternmost coast of the island , "
methods smears of 101 cases with nasal mucous ulcer were studied . 
marketing competition of enterprises increase intensely with the development of socialist economy and the accede to wto since the reform of china . 
"he carries out his decree against me ,  and many such plans he still has in store . "
you beenthrough a lot today haven ' t you ? 
but our mayor decided what he wanted to see
"allow every move ,  every hand on the nape of the neck or the small of the back ,  to be soft and patient — there is no need to prove aggression ,  or assert dominance . "
that doesn ' t mean that every use  -  case specification needs a full set of appendices ;  include only those that will promote understanding . 
"so many people worked on it ,  but by the  ' 40s ,  certainly by the  ' 50s , "
"a safe stance consisting of an anchor ,  a rope ,  and akathe belay  ""  "" "
" "" we play the prettiestfootball ,  have the prettiest players ,  and argentinian men also know how to treat their women . "
spain ' s repsol is just the latest energy firm junk contracts in iran ' s gas or oil fields . 
"the new ruling coalition is packed with anti - musharraf parties calling for the president to step down or face possible impeachment in the parliament .  however ,  there is a disagreement between major coalition partners on how to do it and also on how to resolve the issue of dozens of judges president musharraf sacked in november when he imposed a six - week - long emergency rule in the country . "
"among the portfolio of projects ,  it adds ,  is the construction of social housing on the islands of santiago ,  s .  vicente ,  boa vista ,  maio and sal ,  which would benefit from funding of around us $ 100 million . "
you didn ' t hear anything about your sister ? 
"uh ,  sense of humor is most important . "
you can adjust the time scale .  you can adjust the symptoms . 
"as far as gene code inside each of your cells , "
"all the same ,  there has been no word of any major clashes between demonstrators and some of the more than 16 , 000 law enforcement officers put on stand - by to handle any unruly crowds . "
and it was the first time that i had that feeling
"in chicago ,  where mister cowdery lives ,  he offers classes about different whiskeys . "
"on the whole ,  on issues such as water resource  -  poor settings will prompt government action . "
"the schemes of folly are sin ,  and men detest a mocker . "
it ' s just like las vegas ;  it ' s a kind of gambling . 
"i hope not ,  because i don ' t know if i can do 200 more of these things  -  - "
"but ,  as already mentioned ,  the fact is that the great peasant masses have risen to fulfil their historic mission and that the forces of rural democracy have risen to overthrow the forces of rural feudalism . "
"but you know how india has a lot of dust in the streets , "
do you really think while doing that he ' s gonna use a cell phone that he knows we can track ? 
"many years ago ,  when i was born in the  ' 50s  -  - "
"in england  ( which the oecd no longer ranks in the top ten )  ,  a third - class or even a pass bachelor ' s degree will suffice ,  along with the most basic qualifications in english and maths . "
world blood donor day is celebrated each year to highlight the contribution voluntary unpaid blood donors make to public health . 
"and it suggests that what we want to think about is this thing that we ' re making , "
"allen :   "" wait until he gets his head out of the drawer .  "" "
why don ' t i just go into the living room and ask my boss for a raise ? 
know that you’re not alone .  most freshmen are in the same boat as you .  talk to classmates and ask how they are dealing with it . 
"to see if they ' ll stop .  yes ,  it ' s my mother !  "" "
"i said ,  over the hill to the governor ' s mansion ! "
you ' re touching the cloud and you ' re going to compute that way . 
the government devised a scheme for redeveloping the city center . 
the fish will soon be caught that nibbles at every bait . 
second birth water applies one of serious content that are village plan and construction . 
"to answer questions like ,  how is it that ,  from a brief encounter , "
"some problems in the clinton campaign were beyond the candidate ' s control .  professor bruce miroff says senator clinton ' s husband ,  former president bill clinton ,  was seen as a skillful politician and a huge asset to the campaign ,  until he began making unpredictable comments ,  especially regarding racial issues . "
i could seehow tight you were from a mile away . 
"discourse analysis is an important method in english reading ,  leading the student progressively to understand all meanings of the test correctly combining the linguistic context ,  sections and configuration ,  types of literature . "
"at the same time ,  states like texas and oklahoma are experiencing extremely dry weather and high winds that have caused wildfires . "
he that travels far knows much .  all the yearnings caused by much reading urge me to act as soon as possible  &  not to idle away the time . 
lu ' s strength is a threat to qi  ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  ? 
and here ' s one that shows the sort of current breakdown of the different religions . 
"we don ' t like romps and flirts ,  though we may act as if we did sometimes . "
i really believed i had come out of there with some good connections
" [ but this second ]  grows with seven ,  eight percent ,  and then they will end up here . "
"to learn about american whiskey ,  we went straight to an expert :  charles cowdery . "
is a dinner without soup really a dinner ? 
"this being so ,  soon all that is non  -  loving or abusive shall perish from earth ' s embodiment . "
a pair of mold is designed for the package case with wall rib by rtm process . 
then they can formulate a specific dye to detect just that odor . 
"that burned me up .   "" when did you ever ride in a limousine ?  ""  i queried . "
"private companies are also responsible for 80 percent of new products ,  70 percent of technological innovations and 65 percent of new patents in china ,  according to the same figures . "
"i ' m gonna have some conversations too here ,  eventually . "
when she fell ill her daughter took over the business from her . 
it truely belongs to the text only by narrate  -  time and story  -  time . 
"i know you ' re not the bank of america ,  but i need my  $ 50 . "
this is the part which they found silicon . 
"telecommunications equipment exports were  $ 6 . 06 billion in 2011 ,  up from  $ 5 . 6 billion in 2010 and  $ 2 . 7 billion in 2002 ,  according to the most recent data . "
"you ' re a vision in white ,  sweetie ,  really . "
"i say my arrow will impale your brain ,  now it comes . "
a rather large person sat on it and it got destroyed . 
the wife of the polish army officer kazimierz ignatowicz ? 
that i also sent bormann a copy of my letter was either foolish or challenging . 
"if you want sang - woo to live ,  don ' t let anyone know and come alone . "
"richardson joins two other former obama rivals in the incoming administration ,  vice president - elect joe biden and secretary of state - designee hillary clinton . "
energy - efficient appliances abound in the many corners of his cramped home . 
"and in godliness ,  brotherly love ;  and in brotherly love ,  love . "
"instead of licensing from each other ,  to actually work . "
"it’s hard to believe ,  but canadian researchers find that winnie the pooh and his forest friends in the hundred acre wood are actually suffering serious mental disorders . "
"after shenzhen ,  santos travelled on to shanghai and at the end of the week will represent president jos éeduardo dos santos at the head of state summit of the forum for china - africa cooperation ,  in beijing . "
"in order to amend the structure of the citrus varieties and enrich the fresh fruit resources in china and then find out the excellent varieties suitable for yunnan growing ,  we studied preliminarily the grafting propagation ,  growth and development characters ,  blossom and fruiting characters and fruit qualities of nine grapefruit varieties introduced from the united states by use of randomized experimental design study ways ,  and combining with field investigation and observation and laboratory experiment .  the results are as follows : "
two important components of staged financing are financial contract and renegotiation capacity . 
the poor old man has come down to the bedrock . 
pyongyang says that it needs to build up its nuclear weapons program to provide a sufficient deterrent against threats from the u . s .  and south korea . 
"when it comes to legwork ,  detective jimmy halloran is an expert . "
"mr .  kabbah was widely regarded as the man who led the nation to peace after a brutal civil war , "
we would still have cholera if it had not been for him . 
i don ' t see the point of her last remark . 
"finally ,  the possibility for using doped semiconductor and nanometer material to achieve infrared and rada . "
fast healing  ( ex )  :  the chosen of lathander gains fast healing equal to their constituion modifier . 
"herbert hoover :  his net worth was  $ 75 million ,  after making his fortune as a mining company executive with holdings in several companies . "
"feasiblity research on harbear and lane engineering  , especially skilled in analyzing the development of riverbed ; consulting , managing and training on highway , water transprot gngineer . "
so you would have lied to the point of denying christ . 
and the italians ' sporting director pantaleo corvino admits a deal can be done . 
i asked her if she could read my mind . 
"come on ,  begood sport ,  let them have a chance this time . "
whether the news be good or bad . 
another topic that pops up from time to time is how much state the client can and should have . 
"outsiders may be tempted to think that the current turmoil is simply a rerun of the previous bout ,  and is likewise destined to end peacefully . "
"that has a mass of at least 2 , 000 tons . "
the contract has already been in black and white . 
"it had been hoped that 275 mps would be sworn in at the police training academy in mogadishu .  in the event ,  the number of parliamentarians fell short ,  only 211 . "
because i don ' t give a shit about you . 
"“for my part i know nothing with any certainty ,  but the sight of the stars makes me dream  . ”  ~ vincent van gogh"
"in the pro - phase of the first maturation division ,  it was found that the development of parachute stage undergoes very complex changes that lasting at least for one hour . "
i haven ' t seen you since you were knee  -  high to a grasshopper ! 
"professor expert consultation mission :  veterinary medicine ,  dr .  li jianjun ,  an associate professor zhou qingguo . "
when we are fishing with a small group of kei to the group of shrimp . 
but bolt is still out there . 
let me get you out of here ! 
"okay ,  okay ,  i am not dressing like somebody ' s grandma . "
"the  "" double fish ""  brand is not so bad ,  the design is fresh and vivid . "
the buyer missed the boat and never got the house when he offered too low a bid . 
this means that transactions are atomic in that they are either fully executed or not at all . 
"even the lawrence livermore national labs have gotten into the act , "
"send an ambulance ,  8 route de la falaise . "
he is the only model for black community ;  i don ' t care jesse jackson . 
"also a popular phenomenon known as negging or offering a  "" back - handed ""  compliment which was meant to make a man look confident and self assured ,  was more likely to cause her to  "" run for the hills  ""  . "
freddie shepherd  -  gets photographed in a seedy titty bar with snake and jokes to snake about how newcastle birds are all ugly . 
my brain is the size of a grape ! 
do you constantly end up getting take - out because the cupboards are bare ? 
"and the  "" a students ""  get the tougher curriculum ,  the best teachers ,  etc . "
people with the disease were often treated as social outcasts . 
"still ,  the goal is to look put - together and professional — not sloppy and slutty . "
don ' t you see so many technicians drifting around in search of higher pay and better employer ? 
but there are things we can control . 
the divisions between the various classes of society are not so sharply marked as they used to be . 
"we could walk from here .  –sounds good ,  muhammad .  –mahmud . "
but it probably won ' t keep you satiated for very long . 
behind the black car was another one .  inside the car was her boss . 
the most importantthing you can have on a camper  - 
luxuriant yet natural hair waves is the hairstyle men love the most about woman ' s beauty look . 
let ' s go up on deck and sit in the sun . 
"the gathering of u . s .  business leaders ,  sponsored by the chamber of commerce ,  was a follow - up to a conference held in may in bethlehem where investors pledged to pump more than  $ 1 billion into the palestinian economy . "
"lord allenby ,  could you give a few words about lawrence ? "
the power - sharing agreement acknowledges the haphazard manner of the land - reform program and proposes a non - partisan land audit for the purpose of establishing accountability and eliminating multiple - farm ownerships . 
this is the opera house that wagner built for himself . 
"there were no cars ,  so it seemed even better ,  in some ways . "
"the angola lng project ,  with an investment of us $ 4 billion ,  plans to produce ,  when it is concluded ,  5 million cubic meters of liquid natural gas per year ,  and the first supplies are expected in 2010 . "
give it a voltage and it returns another voltage that varies consistently according to the ambient temperature on a different combination of connectors . 
"a better world ,  that ' s why we ' re here . "
"previous research has found that passengers prefer the front six rows of the plane ,  while 60 per cent of people favour a window seat ,  40 per cent opt for the aisle and just one per cent the middle .  the survey also found that 31e ,  a middle seat located near the back of the plane ,  was the one most wanted to avoid . "
"suggestions teachers , personnel who provide health care and parents should pay more attention to their girls ' mentality and physical state that are in preadolescent and strengthen the education on reproductive health to the girls who have not menstruation yet and those who live in the country , so that they have healthy personality and plenty of knowledge on physiological hygiene , and they have a loose , democratic and free environment for growth and accordingly get through the preadolescence successfully . "
i don ' t think this is a dereliction of duty . 
and then he got cancer and he died . 
i really feel good at last !  i believe you ! 
"when a thief was caught in a large jewellery store on morning ,  the shop assistants must have found it impossible to resist the temptation to say ' it serves him right .  ' "
"if people think highly of me ,  i think highly of myself . "
the architectural form of beijing quadrangle is deeply influenced by confucianism . 
you should go if you want to stay alive
"i mean , you know ,  good we ' re both first timers ,  you know . "
visitors to the exhibition came in an endless stream . 
i was the only human being in an area
"and so my mother ' s prenatal physician had gone on vacation , "
they are the wisdom of our society  -  -  take advantage of their existence while they ' re still around . 
"and my mind started racing ,   "" puerto rico ?  what do i know about puerto rico ?  "" "
what ' s the role of the public versus the private as things go forward ? 
"in some sectors with defective geological environment ,  parts of man  - made slopes begin to move under rainfall ,  exterior loads or other factors ,  threatening the safe operation of expressway . "
our aim is to apprehend the four additions as anon as feasible . 
"shannon simpson ,  v . p .  of p . r .  for o . k .  sugar . "
"if mao said that ,  it means he misread freud . "
"these rules tell me that i don ' t have time to shop ,  to clean ,  to spruce up our apartment ,  to deal with food and drink ; "
he also knows that iranian president mahmoud ahmadinejad ' s threat wipe israel off the map is bombast . 
"well ,  it ' s not in the back seat . "
"i was a media junkie ,  and eventually got involved with advertising . "
"our cruel and unrelenting enemy leaves us only the choice of brave resistance ,  or the most abject submission ( george washington )  . "
"caitlin says that she doesn ' t hang around with dan ,  she hangs around with janet ,  dan ' s sister ,  and that she “didn ' t do anything wrong . ”"
so that the viral resistance  -  -  we need several anti - virals . 
"he knows that you ' re after him ,  and in the interest of self - preservation you might start with that . "
"some practical issues were found in courses of coal resource exploration such as insufficient fund ,  ill  - adapted capability ,  environment out of condition and incomplete mechanism . "
"yet within the new bond street saleroom ,  collectors went on bidding ,  oblivious to the bloodletting without . "
"the things you do with little or no effort that genuinely impress others are likely very near your natural talent ,  and natural talent combined with a lot of hard work leads to greatness . "
"once that happens ,  all it takes is one point . "
on a surface with 99 percent of the contact area removed . 
"normally ,  a child must go to school between the ages of six and ,  depending on the state ,  16 . "
"instead ,  the us military will lose up to half a million troops and will focus on countering terrorism and meeting the new challenges of an emergent asia dominated by china .  america ,  the president said ,  was ""  turning the page on a decade of war  "" and now faced ""  a moment of transition  ""  .  the country ' s armed forces would in future be leaner but ,  mr obama pointedly warned both friends and foes ,  sufficient to preserve us military superiority over any rival – ""  agile ,  flexible and ready for the full range of contingencies and threats ""  . "
i was in the long range sensor lab . 
that said the revolving cast of interesting people that i met while stranded in a backpacker hostel made the time fly far faster than it would have had i been on my own . 
"well how do you fix it ?  we could spend 10 , 000 lifetimes"
enter the depth of the door frame .  the door frame depth is measured perpendicular to the face of the wall . 
i will rather do some read at home than go shopping with them . 
one of the most interesting sections to visit is the frozen food section . 
"the day may not be far off ,  then ,  when a dicky heart can be serviced in mid - life and made good for a few more years . "
"now ,  cigarettes out the factory gate are very cheap . "
"though not properly trained as an economist ,  he had proved himself as a macroeconomic modeller ,  and had been made a university professor of applied economics . "
investigators found the dementias began about four - and - a - half years later in those who were bilingual compared to those who spoke only one language . 
"they are the same ,  as far as your eye is concerned . "
"china is a large country of grain production ,  and the corn ,  rice ,  wheat ,  sorghum ,  millet ,  soybean . "
what ' s cool :  close to the great wall and beijing ' s largest ski resort . 
"according to her working experience ,  the author points out many problems about sending scale ,  financial investment ,  funding amount and problems in the links of selection ,  sending ,  management and collection . "
"the fabric ,  parachute and everything  -  -  on the ice"
the sheriff ' s office handles the policing for both the city and the county . 
he had to spell out the plan in detail to persuade the investors . 
don ' t you know that eating that can give you large breasts ? 
our own warm atmosphere and the heat generated by the telescope would make it impossible to detect objects as small as planets . 
"and even if we are able to find online criminals , "
"according to vasconcelos ,  since angola became independent in 1975 ,  cooperation between both states had been diversified ,  particularly in the institutional and financial areas . "
"the dichotomy of subjectivism and objectivism ,  which relates to such philosophic issues as reference ,  rationality and truth ,  fact and value etc .  ,  is one of them . "
why did the chicken cross the mobius strip ? 
"it was christmas ,  and at our family ,  oh ,  what a morning . "
we can connect to everybody on every device simultaneously . 
he went to the computer after lunch . 
"dr paul morris ,  a psychologist at the university of portsmouth who studies animal emotions ,  told the sunday times :   "" we are learning that dogs ,  horses ,  and perhaps many other species are far more emotionally complex than we ever realised .  they can suffer simple forms of many emotions we once thought only primates could experience .  "" "
the new earth army was tasked with preventing conflict . 
and the person will know you ' re not preaching but teaching . ”— dr .  maya angelou
that is not at all how i remember it . 
"and the most recent involved a couple of people at mit , "
"as graduation day approached ,  the young man awaited signs that his father had purchased the car . "
i got the best numbers on the team . 
"dramos also told macauhub that the institute ' s support aimed to ensure that the interest rate on credit lines is lower than that of retail banks ,  and stands at 13 percent ,  one of the lowest in the market . "
"somebody ' s got the whole thing totally fucking backward ,  don ' t you think ? "
the little boy is piling up his building blocks . 
"during an appearance on cnn ' s late edition program ,  ms .  rice stressed the declaration of genocide ,  which has been rejected by the sudanese government ,  was not the first display of american concern about darfur . "
i don ' t know that we need another sit - down strike per se . 
he stabbed himself in the back four times and threw himself off a bridge . 
"china now needs to find new ways to make cities more energy efficient ,  promote clean energy ,  and reduce traffic congestion and air pollution .  if china breathes easier ,  the world will breathe easier ,  too . "
"but after several weeks of running ,  the animals '  internal clocks were sturdier .  messages now traveled to these animals ' "
"the sand is firm but wet ,  so we had best go barefoot . "
he is a leader who is magnanimous in victory . 
i have a repulsion for snakes .  = snakes have a repulsion for me . 
i did get a lot of your letters but they all told me to wait for this and wait for that . 
go wait for me out in the hall . 
"perhaps we will decide against all war ,  or maybe we will determine that this intervention is necessary . "
one lie detector test and it ' il be crystal clear . 
we interrupt this program to bring you breaking news . 
commonly used method is in large part dieyin black spot around 40 per cent of the green . 
"cmcp group , fc group , ipi group and ch group , intracanal medicament were cmcp , fc , ipi and ch with the 4 groups .  results the respectives iae frequencies of the 4 group were 22 . 0 %  ,  28 . 0 %  ,  26 . 0 %  ,  4 . 0 %  which were statistical significant ( p <  0 . 01 )  ; "
the world economy slips back into full gear for the festive season . 
thejournal of the instituto de higiene e medicina tropical . 
treatment options and goals depend on the acuity of hepatic encephalopathy . 
"next ,  burn the horn to add more intensity to the shadows . "
could be .  and it might have nothing to do with cancer . 
the boat can accommodate 12 people on the deck or up to six under . 
you lied about fighting the vietnam war . 
"at christ church ,  i tried to get drunk more than once ,  but i didn ' t enjoy it . "
"mozambique ' s tourist industry currently employs 35 , 000 people in 3 , 500 hotels ,  with 13 , 000 beds .  ( macauhub ) "
"edward ,  if the volturi had knowledge of victoria ,  they would have stopped her . "
the enlargement brings out the details in the photograph . 
"for every extra sale of 100 pieces , we ' ll give you an additional 1 %  commission . "
"every time you turn around ,  it ' s a different challenge . "
"no matter what fate has assigned to you ,  will have the opportunity"
"and if you ' ve got some bigger spaces ,  for offices ,  that kind of thing . "
"“i had worked very hard for three years to become a model , ” said xu .  “when i saw the shyness in the other competitors’ eyes ,  i felt confident in my heart because i had practiced for a long time for that moment . ”"
"“this yield here has a drought tolerance ,  you know drought gene .  this yield does not . "
"so missy , what brings you all the way from texas ? "
they look more like they were deported . 
"the symptoms used to define them often do not cluster neatly in the way that those of true syndromes would ,  and the statistical evidence for their existence is sometimes sparse . "
"according to cape verdean news agency inforpress ,  ant ónio perteira neves travelled to fortaleza to introduce the company ' s new representative in brazil ,  jos élu ís s ánogueira . "
"it took all the region’s wind turbines offline for about five hours and it expects to continue to pull the plug on them for a few hours almost every night until well into july ,  when enough snow in the cascades and northern rockies will have melted for the excess run - off  ( and therefore the excess power )  to subside . "
whether you outfit yourself from head to toe in designer labels or choose one signature piece you are sure to feel like a million bucks . 
the best batters fail seven out of 10 times . 
if you don ' t have a brain representation of word sounds
"which includes a number of things that happened ,  actually  -  - "
the stratigraphic structure can be learned according to electric well logs . 
"now you won ' t be able to understand a word of it , "
the paper outlines the status and direction of nano  -  science and nanotechnology around the world . 
"do not weep for the dead or mourn for him ,  but weep continually for the one who goes away ;  for he will never return or see his native land . "
drew cartoons that had repercussions all over the world  -  - 
"the programme includes construction of a barbed wire factory ,  by transangola ,  another factory to manufacture refrigerators and freezers ,  by franklin and whitney ( fw )  ,  as well as spring mattresses by sociedade alterfan e filhos ,  with a total investments of us $ 5 million . "
this book gives a good picture of life in china 100 hundred years ago . 
so this is one of their comments on how over - coddled we ' ve become . 
"concord is a type of grammatical relationship between two or more elements m a sentence ,  in which both or all elements share a particular feature . "
numerical calculation of 6  - d differential equations for the motion of projectiles is of importance in exterior ballistics . 
"i didn ' t mean to step on your toes ,  but we need to be 2 )  decisive . "
"i saw your neighborhood on the news .  .  .  and you pour that whole reservoir .  .  .  on it if you have to ,  okay ? "
are cigarettes bad for you or something ? 
i made it through the day and was waiting for my dad to pick me up when the archetypal high school bully approached —the kind of guy who actually still gave people wedgies . 
"don quixotes state of being crazy shows directly the motive of his soul , while sancho panzas madness displays the contrast of external order and life freedom , and the persevering pursuit of his belief . "
"there were people listening all over the world ,  hearing this news . "
this is because at times we really feel that we are uncared for or feel someone doesn ' t understand us . 
"the ruling party hopes casinos will spur tourism ,  help revitalise local economies and increase tax revenues . "
this is a death ' s head cockroach .  this is an american cockroach
"his father was illiterate ,  unable to make sense of the “mystifying jungle” of the world .  hence his violence . "
"whatever it is ,  instead of deleting you ,  what i want to do is study you . "
loft the sails and lay her on iron . 
this page will explain how routers are used to segment a lan . 
the same dream i ' ve had since i was 6 . 
last month brazilian exports to the portuguese market totaled us $ 116 . 263 million . 
sparks were emitted from small black boxes and red lamps flashed on and off angrily . 
the act of standing up made her head ache . 
actually had a means of measuring the intangibles in their business . 
"ohm we ' il make a human being of you ,  young andersen ! "
the performer reformed the performance of the transferred transformer . 
it could easily drag up to 6 months to my surprise . 
it actually takes things we would consider waste  -  - 
"and do you ,  austin ames ,  ever wanna see me again after tonight ? "
"ok ,  if i may drill down to the bedrock of my question :  why did you throw it out ? "
then i will announce you as husband and wife . 
"what is the feature of this cracker  ( cracking furnace ,  heating furnace ,  reactor ,  mixer ,  centrifuger ,  belt  -  conveyer )  ? "
at the university of virginia medical school a couple of years ago . 
"leaves are toxic ;  being used in beriberi ,  nose bleeding and cough with phlegm and asthma . "
200 years ago the problem we had to solve was slavery . 
"no one knows why ,  but she may have done it because of tasha ,  and splitting up with her boyfriend just a day or so before . "
our chief engineer is trying to deploy a makeshift solar sail . 
"top south korean actors jun ji - hyun and kim soo - hyun recently earned a popularity rating of 24 . 8 percent in their country ,  considered strong by nielsen korea . "
we ' il take care of each other till you come home . 
"in 2011 elsevier ,  a large dutch publisher ,  made a profit of ￡768m on revenues of ￡2 . 06 billion - a margin of 37 %  .  indeed ,  elsevier ' s profits are thought so egregious by many people that 12 , 000 researchers have signed up to a boycott of the company ' s journals . "
"take the humbug out of this world ,  and you haven ' t much left to do business with . "
"damone ,  what went on between you and stacy ? "
we can take steps to provide against a severe winter . 
culture inland move during anti - japanese war is a passive choice of the chinese nation in order to resist invasion and win the war . 
the accomplices have confessed to all the murders . 
"the author thinks from the publisher ' s point of view that the cultural pursuing of pub -  lisher materialize the developmentstrategy of managing publishing press ,  innovation of production ,  and quality of publication . "
"we wanted to see how this applies to collaborative ,  distributed music making , "
"professor yassa says pills with a little more coffeine also increased memory ,  but resulted in some participants appearing more nervous . "
bathed in yellow light hovering over the gloom of the garden she looked in at a woman repeatedly working a tea towel around the inside of a mug . 
"h is an herb shop ,  a native apothecary or chinese druggist .  its ranks are gradually thinning because imported herbs are banned . "
"there ' s a lot of mediation by glass ,  and it ' s very blue ,  and kind of professional  -  - "
photography :  many birders photograph the birds they see to help identify them or just to enjoy their observations . 
" "" i remember the popular hong kong writer yi shu once wrote in her novel ,   ' i want a lot of love .  if there is no love ,  i want a lot of money .  '  at least i should have either of them .  "" "
who ' s the cartoon character in the painted face ? 
it hurt like shit while they put it on . 
"but the expression increase of cd44s and icam - 1 were associated with lymph node metastasis of patients ,  the expression of cd44s and icam - 1 increased in the patients who had area or mediastinal lymph node metastasis .  it showed that cd44s and icam - 1 played very important function in process of nsclc metastasis . "
would somebody get us started by giving us a
all the stuff from jurassic park that you know of  -  - 
in a lecture he gave in the fateful year of 1938 . 
"little of their artistry can be discerned on the walls ,  and little of the gypsy life that underlies this genre . "
you and your foolish friends accomplished nothing . 
"son ,  let me tell you about stirring . "
"if there are cells in my body that live all 80 years , "
she chanced to be in the park when i was there . 
i ' m not saying the men are not important  -  - 
has his highness had an opportunity to study the dossier ? 
"and i recommended they do it right there ,  on that hill"
sugar beets provide about half of america’s sugar supply . 
" "" there are impacts hitting the moon all the time ,  and we want to know what impact those impacts are having on the atmosphere and dust environment ,  ""  said noble . "
they ' re built in concrete and sandstones ;  the roofs are stainless steel  -  - 
but this machine doesn ' t know what it looks like . 
it makes you tired and irritable to have to make up all of that data . 
"over 6 , 000 of whom have been killed in the last two years alone , "
the kids on her back :  the headwear is beautiful and special . 
drain the pineapple and reserve the juice for the later use .  preheat the oven to 200c / 390f . 
you can be assured that i will never darken your door again
"after all ,  if they had wanted me ,  they could so easily have blackmailed me to stay . "
"so when they lose a lot of leaf mass ,  they shed roots ; "
"a si hai mu say :   "" green arouses natural straightforward opinion .  "" "
"it is ,  about protecting the american taxpayer ,  not ceo ' s ceo salaries . "
"the work is steady ,  the money ' s good . "
"in 1981 , american linguist chomsky put forward the bounding theory , and the x - bar schema has given us a great instruction , thus making us know about the sentence structures in the chinese language in terms of theory , strengthen the concept of "" position "" and grasp the regularity of the position of sentences .  in this way the correct theoretical evidence in dividing sentence composions can be provided . "
"come on ,  is that okay to dine with me ,  then ? "
"this is a typical pathway in rocinha called a  "" beco ""   -  - "
"according to the 5th population census ,  there were 1 billion 293 million 350 thousand people in china ,  including the total number / population of 31 provinces ,  autonomous regions ,  municipalities excluding jinmen and mazu islands in fujian province and of servicemen of china ' s mainland was 1 billion 265 million 830 thousand .  the population of hong kong sar was 6 million 780 thousand and that of macao was 440 thousand as well as that of taiwan jinmen and mazu islands was 22 million 280 thousand . "
"the buildings housing the prisoners were solidly built ,  so no prisoners were killed or seriously injured . "
nearby were two cow carcasses that had been laced with a bluish pesticide called carbofuran . 
"some of these mad people received their pensions not from the albanian state ,  whose citizens they were ,  but from a state that no longer existed :  the ottoman empire . "
"so ,  africa is a complex continent full of contradictions , "
"a ball of fire seemed to fall out of the void ,  disappearing before it reached the earth . "
"graduate teaching assistants are neither fish nor fowl ,  neither completely students nor teachers . "
"south korean president lee myung - bak met tuesday with sohn hak - kyu ,  the leader of the country ' s main opposition party .  they failed to break a log jam about voting a major american trade deal into law . "
"i ' m only a little boy ,  and i deserve to be treated better .  "" "
"each morning ,  write down all the tasks you need to accomplish that day and cross off each item as you complete it . "
" "" two of four members found shot dead "" "
but the copy he gave him had not been written out in full as usual . 
"i mean ,  a stag beetle  -  -  it ' s got two points for jaws , "
"it was nothing new for a man who had briefly been into bodybuilding when he was younger and who ,  today ,  is a dedicated vegetarian and who hits his personal gym every morning at 7 : 00 a . m . "
"i know you , mr .  rainey ,  that ' s what matters . "
"in relation to the community of portuguese - speaking countries ,  the spokesperson added , “a possible increase in cooperation ,  ”had already been discussed and for this the adb wanted to“increase its portuguese - speaking staff . ”"
but you know what wouldn ' t be a bad idea ? 
i think göring wants to seize the power . 
"tuv is the german abbreviation of  "" technical supervision association  ""  . "
scientists are seeking ways to protect man from the effects of radioactive fallout . 
i found this exercise in an old book on zen living ;  it ' s one of my favorites to this day . 
professors nowadays seem to have become professional fundraisers who do a little research on the side . 
"this electrode here ,  called the gate ,  controls the flow of current"
"that ' s equal to 20 feet of sea level ,  as is greenland . "
"the first is a bulbous cylinder that is marked ,  altered and sprigged . "
you may get out of this yet . 
"where do you think you ' re going ,  punk ? "
did it fall by itself or was it programmed ? 
this morning i got a message from duke . 
carnegie  -  -  one of the great capitalists of this country  -  - 
the fusion of these two biometrics has an advantage in improving verification performance . 
for clamping of rugged workpieces with bended shapes .  suitable for reaching evenness in a first set up . 
but also because our cities are a little bit more livable
"a few minutes later ,  at about 8 : 30 p . m .  ,  just as it was getting dark outside ,  dr .  and frau goebbels walked through the bunker ,  bade goodbye to those who happened to be in the corridor ,  and mounted the stairs to the garden . "
"sao tome ,  sao tome and principe ,  13 may–nearly four tonnes of pepper and 130 kilos of vanilla produced in sao tome and principe have been exported to france in a deal worth about 20 , 000 euros ,  an agriculture ministry official has stated . "
"every day more than 3 , 000 men make this journey into northern iraq to get essentials such as food and gasoline for their families back home . "
"passed through airport security check .  just like usual ,  i went to the duty free shop buying things ,  and picked up 1 bottle drinking water . "
the convenient assumption is that if events turn out otherwise most people will have long forgotten the original hypothesis . 
a low chest of drawers often supporting a mirror and typically used for holding clothes and personal items . 
"without the resolution of this historical issue ,  the cacophony of noise surrounding these issues is so great that the real story of japan , "
he used all his strength to kick the shark repeatedly in the face with his free leg . 
he who kills sky will receive gold and land
i suppose you ' re wondering why you are here . 
"what do you mean ,  why would i do that ? "
"about to hit us ,  and if you get under your desk , "
"no ,  i don ' t feel weird saying it . "
"i don ' t know ,  i mean all those things are things you have to do ,  right ? "
but the point that i want to make  -  -  i ' ll show you up here . 
"we drank a lot of rice wine .  we were both so drunk , "
research in this field in china and abroad is summarized .  reserch priorities and prospect are discussed . 
the discussion went over the ground already covered in the interchange of telegrams . 
alterations in rgs protein levels can result in corresponding disease of cardiovascular system . 
"however ,  she admitted ,   "" i have long ago come to terms with the fact that it is not my forte . "
it ' s the only waywe ' re gonna beat this thing . 
how do you feel about a pushup bra ? 
"of the size and density of manhattan ,  every six weeks  -  - "
"from around 1m people in 1900 ,  the number of kenyans had climbed to 4m after the second world war ;  though fewer than 8m at independence in 1963 ,  kenyans number more than 35m today . "
why don ' t we start with lincoln ' s relationship with your boyfriend . 
"soldiers particularly feared chemical gas attacks because they could cause blindness ,  blistering and a slow ,  painful death . "
"90 percent ,  all the way from here to here ,  or ten percent from here to here . "
"on the right ,  those for conservatives ;  in the middle ,  the moderates . "
"the fed did have a hand in that ,  but it was only by stepping up what we ' d been doing before 9 / 11 ,  cutting interest rates to make it easier for people to borrow and spend . "
"come on ,  come on ,  drink some more . "
"an incessant stream of favorable policies ,  such as scrappingburdensometaxes and forceful market intervention ,  have increased rural incomes to the extent that farming is becoming more rewarding than cleaning skyscraper windows in some places . "
the fare for the first 3 kilometersis generally 7 yuan and 2 . 4 yuan per kilometer thereafter . 
i think she ' s got a touch of my fever in her blood and it won ' t come out . 
bell threatened to proceed against him for the recovery of a debt . 
i ' m not gonna let you do this . 
the administration is working hard to win over the naysayers on its own side . 
"consider the popular phrase ,  “life is too short to  _  _  _  _  _  _  _  _  _  _  . ”"
"when life is hard ,  i pick up that card with the smiley face"
one or more threads run in the context of the process . 
"this is true in new york and chicago ,  boston ,  washington d . c .  ,  los angeles ,  san francisco  -  any big city usually has higher prices for the homes than smaller cities . "
"sure we do ,  but they ' re out of season right now . "
one of the things that underpins it is this idea of resilience . 
"partially reusable rocket  -  launched vehicle developed by nasa to go into earth orbit ,  transport people and cargo between earth and orbiting spacecraft ,  and glide to a runway landing on earth . "
"the melting point , fatty acid , dsc and triglycerides of the shortening , in which the tallow is used as raw material , were studied .  the results show that the components of triglycerides in sandy shortening change greatly .  the content of low melting triglycerides ( pol、poo、soo )  descend , while the content of high melting triglycerides ( pol、pos、sos ) rise . "
"and so even though the universe will last forever , "
the factory is due to be demolished next year . 
"a piece of land with few or no buildings within or adjoining a town ,  maintained for recreational and ornamental purposes . "
"s ão paulo ,  brazil ,  15 aug–the s ão paulo automobile show is going to debut chinese manufactured automobiles at this year ' s show ,  organizers announced on tuesday . "
"during a seminar about economic relations between portugal and angola ,  carlos bayan ferreira noted that the rise posted boosted angola ' s role as the fourth destination for portuguese exports ,  and the first outside the european union . "
the brunt of her argument was directed at the trade union leader . 
one complex number is used to denote each diploid and define the genetic operators . 
"mr .  steve lopez ,  staff writer , you are my god . "
and these scientists simply documented all the various tasks
don ' t worry about breading the glass  -  worse things happen at sea . 
"the summary trial of the ordinary proceeding is applied in the cases in which the defendant is likely to be sentenced over three years but the people who are blind ,  deaf ,  numb and foreigners are not included . "
i have to choose the exact moment in time to end someone ' s lifespan so the ripple effect has the specific impact i want it to have . 
"policy say there was no evidence of foul play ,  but it will ultimately be up to the medical examiner to determine the cause of her death . "
we think he might be okay .   .  .  . 
"the novel machine needed feeding with software ,  including a compiler and assembler ,  if it was to do anything useful . "
"ca :  based on the people we ' ve seen at ted , "
"now ,  i’m not telling you to go forth and imitate oprah . "
"absurdly ,  i took it ( the revolver ) in my hand and weighed it in order to inspire courage within myself"
"he said ,   "" i think it ' s an insult to history .  "" "
"mass killings have taken place in california ,  wisconsin ,  washington state and minnesota .  after each shooting ,  those who knew the killers spoke about their expressions of anger ,  their feelings of isolation ,  strange behavior or mental illness . "
what i am going to discuss in this article is taking a macro look at some of the myths that many careerist might believe to be true .  hopefully all of us will then start to adopt a different approach to craft the ideal career . 
china accounted for 10 . 1 percent of all goods imported by brazil and the united states headed the ranking with a total of 16 . 2 percent . 
but it just kills me to see you so crushed and normal . 
"the thing that ' s going to decide what gets talked about , "
jeff :  the paraguayan team taas made a great coup now . 
" "" please ,  bink !  ' sabrina urged ,  pulling back on arm .  ""  we don ' t want any trouble .   "" "
why all the way to del rio ? 
"the budget plan for next year that the government hopes to approve in parliament attributes some 28 . 1 percent of total predicted expenditure to the social sector ,  the major beneficiary of state funding . "
"owing to graft ,  the manager of this company was discharged from his post and prosecuted . "
"how various the general is force investigating measure bring into play arrive at a maximum ,  effective field has cracked down on committing a crime ,  this has wielded investigator ' s wisdom right away . "
"papermaking effluent is disposed20minute with fly ash of200～300mesh which use35gram per litre effluent , the chroma of papermaking effluent deˉcreased more than95 %  . "
the soldier did not come to fight . 
it all depends on who ' s waiting for you on the other side
"in italy ,  after a troop concert tour ,  andersen decided to escape across the swiss border train . "
i might get clear of that rat that ' s about to sit down on you . 
"he says the competition was created to encourage chinese university students “to open their mouths and use english as a language for communicative purposes ,  not as a language only learnt in classrooms” . "
what we tried to do was teach a stick figure how to walk . 
this is one of the most popular internet forums .  it ' s the 12th most visited site in china and 72nd overall . 
people with the condition have red blood cells smaller than normal — causing a mild form of anaemia — but abnormally high levels of them . 
" "" oprah was demoted from her first job as a news anchor ,  and now she doesn ' t even need a last name ,  ""  she said of media giant oprah winfrey .   "" and then there ' s this guy barack obama .  .  .  he lost his first race for congress ,  and now he gets to call himself my husband .  "" "
"especially ,  the stability of mullite structure of ash was studied . "
"the pilots mainly tended to easily awake or awake early at night ,  go to washroom ,  have long sleep latency ,  cough and snore loudly . "
"simultaneously ,  nox and co as well as hc reduces mostly with the increasing of egr ratio . "
we ' re just going to program computers ;  that ' s all we need to do . 
those were the pills that brandon was taking . 
" "" you could come out by mentioning you ' d been to a bisexual event ,  really like the way a film handled the bisexuality of a character ,  or comment that a celebrity coming out as bi struck a nerve ? "
"the project ,  which is due to be concluded in december 2006 ,  is being built on a 120 , 000 meter plot ,  in the south of luanda ,  and will have around 100 stores . "
"but when they took deck 11 ,  they just stopped . "
would you be kind enough to send on any mail to my new address ? 
the pirated copies are screwed by bt . 
let me give you an example of what i mean . 
"lord godless ,  with nameless and wind and cloud"
"although every time i go to pompeii ,  i ' m amazed that they had"
"all right ,  you twisted my arm ,  it ' s chili powder . "
"this celebration is a sign of the coming spring season ,  when the insects first awaken from their wintertimeslumber . "
jobbik and ataka grew out of a collapse in support for centrist parties . 
"i don ' t chill anyway ,  so i won ' t . "
then he exp 1 ained how he pull the cut together with stitches . 
this is the most important fact about the crisis . 
"the verb ,  to suck ,  is an informal verb ,  popular especially among younger speakers ,  but it ' s now become popular ,  really informally ,  among many people of different ages . "
"also according to the statement ,  the embraer 195 is competitively - priced in terms of cost per seat and per journey ,  even with a smaller number of passengers ,  as compared with other models available on the market . "
five hundred yards .  the length of five football fields .  just shy of half a mile . 
"in fact ,  they were so rare that elected members of parliament"
"no ,  i was just being stupid . "
to do actual reading on these sorts of devices . 
"and if you had seen him ,  if you could have felt him .  .  . "
"don ' t make a fool of yourselves , we can discuss this problem at home . "
making and application of adjustable charge body potion mattress
in tv shows we see that they live in spacious houses with gardens and behave graciously .  that ' s how our stereotyped concept of caucasians was formed . 
more timbers are needed to bolster the roof of the mine . 
"one shanghai cosmetic - surgery hospital ,  whose website advertises procedures such as  "" mandible angle plastic :  farewell to square - face malformation ,  ""  made headlines in february for agreeing to perform cosmetic surgery on a 21 - year - old woman who hoped to get back together with her boyfriend by looking more like american actress jessica alba . "
"if that ' s not possible ,  if you have a sibling or spouse who discourages your goals and dreams ,  start to recognize when it happens and remain committed to your goal . "
i was about to send a security team to investigate . 
"and just as he ' s writing ,  you know ,  bacteria that will be smaller , "
"the article says the  "" integration of agriculture in the climate change negotiating process ""  has been moving slowly . "
accept it :  the only way of scoring with girls is to join this breed of bad boys and strike rich . 
and i want to talk about a girl that i just met recently
sw :  she ' s a comedian .  i suppose you think you ' re famous ?  are you famous ? 
disciple wang hao had received the two new works related to the seals he carved . 
"even though she ' s an air sign ,  aquarius mom appreciates being grounded in reality . "
objective :  to explore the operating procedure for designing the randomized scheme of multi  -  center clinical trial . 
"you know those urges are natural ,  don ' t you ? "
"vale ' s monapo project includes the construction of various infrastructures comprising processing plants ,  a dam to ensure water supply and an electric power plant ,  among others .  it will employ about 800 workers ,  10 percent of them foreigners . "
"so that it ' s not on you when you land , "
"a good -  looking man ; spruce and dapper ,  and very tidy ( anthony trollope . "
"bhutan "" s national sport is archery ,  and competitions are held regularly in most villages . "
"still ,  nace found no big increase in graduates who plan to stay in school and avoid the job market . "
"and at the same time ,  it had a significant benefit for whales . "
" "" i think we ' re wearing the same sneakers ,  ""  mr .  badgley said ,  pointing to a barfly in a patchwork of tattered winter gear and brown nikes . "
they account for less than three percent of our total regrets . 
ms hartnett told the court that in the following weeks the woman followed the boy to another part of the state where they had sex several times in a hotel room . 
"i’ve also seen the bonds in our men and women in uniform ,  like the american and korean troops i visited yesterday along the dmz  -  -  freedom’s frontier . "
it has something to do with the payroll . 
" "" senator obama has declared and repeatedly reaffirmed his intention to meet the president of iran without any preconditions ,  likening it to meetings between former american presidents and the leaders of the soviet union ,  ""  he said .   "" such a statement betrays the depth of senator obama ' s inexperience and reckless judgment .  these are very serious deficiencies for an american president to possess .  "" "
"slowly ,  eurozone governments are putting in place elements of the response to the crisis .  they ' ve taken steps often reluctant and incomplete down the path of greater financial integration . "
it ' s a perfect day for it  -  -  a little cloudy but nice and warm . 
satire is a sort of glass beholders do generally discover everybody ' s face but their own . 
"a complex and often lengthy lyric poem ,  written in a dignified formal style on some lofty or serious subject . "
" "" starbucks turned to the buddha after it had  ' entered '  the imperial palace ,  ""  wrote  "" tangboxiaohu ""  . "
the new legacy 600 is available for delivery from mid 2009 . 
"a man is dead ,  the russians need to blame someone . "
"when he received the letter he offered to apologise and to change his comments ,  but the club rejected this . "
"last month ,  taiwan ' s parliament passed a law that would allow the island to hold national referendums . "
"but to see something like the  $ 100 computer is amazing ,  because it ' s a  -  - "
"i mean ,  you ' re only 12 ,  but you ' re all grown up ,  right ? "
"dr maldovan ,  however ,  realised that although most heat is high - frequency ,  some has frequencies that approach those of sound . "
and i used to play in the backyard with a boy whose adjoined mine . 
checking consistency of uml model based on multi  -  domain . 
it won ' t be alucrative business until the next level of video comes . 
there was no lack of comment as to minna hooven about the ranches . 
i want to be around and see them grow up . ”
why it ' s so innovative in some ways and so un - innovative in others . 
"barbara klein :  piranhas are known as dangerous ,  meat - eating fish . "
"storage space is shrinking too ,  and not everyone is keeping up with the push for a paperless office . "
hundreds and hundreds of emails .  and the email i ' m getting a lot
"check it out !  my pal notar just dropped his killer new joint  "" crown ""  .  listen to it here :  http :  /  / t . cn / zwebo76"
"methods according to the technique procedures of malaria basis - line investigation from the malaria control program management and technique procedures in the high endemic areas of china for the global fund to fight aids ,  tuberculosis and malaria ,  a large scale investigations or local malaria tranismision , control measures and resident knowledge of malaria control were carried out in saihao , jiewu and chengzi towns of longchuan county . "
"it just seems like it ' s not sexy and elegant ,  it ' s hidden . "
"it isn ' t the only asian street food to be loved by locals but ignored by visitors .  tourists pound bangkok ' s pavements in search of the perfect pad thai but pass on koay teow lad naa ,  flat rice noodles stir - fried with black soy and doused with mild gravy .  travellers to hanoi seek out pho ,  yet overlook northern vietnam ' s bun ca ,  rice noodles in a dill - fragrant tomato and seafood broth with fish .  perhaps the best example of a hometown favorite unloved by  ( mostly western )  foreigners is congee in hong kong . "
"no one negates history out whim ,  but only under the impact of harrowing and unsuspected tragedies . "
"it ' s called the egg factory but ,  this is no ordinary brick and mortar assembly plant . "
jerry springer has had some frickin '  accident and everyone ' s leaving to cover it . 
especially the transverse arrangement of all metatarsus bone and its corresponding relation can be clear at a glance . 
he pride himself on having never been beaten in chess . 
the agency will build the module that come to propel the american ' s orion astronaut capsule .  it will have its first flight around the moon in 2017 . 
"if you wish to grow thinner ,  diminish your dinner ,  and take to light claret instead of pale ale  ; look down with an utter contempt upon butter ,  and never touch bread till it ' s toasted  -  -  or stale . "
please give our love and thanks to the church . 
shandong peninsula agglomerations begin to come into shaping gradually and the urban system are becoming integrity . 
want to come inside for a minute ? 
"to determine if there are differences between scouts and non scouts ,  researchers examined their brains to see which genes were active . "
"u . s .  president george bush and opposition democrats are both paying tribute to america ' s armed forces ,  as part of the celebration of the nation ' s 232nd anniversary . "
the fact remains that recapitalising banks was the correct course of action all along . 
abiding by dsm categories may prevent scientists from understanding the underlying causes of sickness . 
we gotta find a patsy for the connell case and make it stick . 
"on designing cycloidal pump ,  when radius of arc profile of outer rotors is larger than the minimum curvature radius of epicycloid ,  the inner rotor profile ,  which is equidistant curve of epicycloid ,  is composed of several curves that intersect itself ,  which profile is called singular type profile in this paper . "
"the author ,  who is now a law school professor ,  was once a busboy and a cleaner – jobs which he says taught him lessons that have come in handy ever since . "
"but according to an stv news report ,  most of the coins were sold out by yesterday morning . "
he waslying there like a landed trout . 
"they ' ll say ,   "" well ,  you know the coal ,  we need the coal . "
the containers are then capped ;  they are not subsequently heat  -  treated . 
"caclo 4 and h 2o 2 were used to discolor kelp ,  as a result of discoloration ,  the transparency of liquid cover film increased by 3 %  only . "
"there is less rain in the summer ,  winters are milder and end sooner ,  prompting vegetation to start earlier . "
like this chip made by steve quake at stanford . 
what exactly are your intentions with jenny ? 
you must be mistaking me for someone else . 
he ' il grow five inches in the next year . 
he ' s never done wrong since the day i know him . 
"where we ' ve come from ,  what kind of people we are ,  and it needs to , "
"this is a distinct draw to nations like zimbabwe and sudan ,  against whom the u  . s .  government ,  the european union and the united nations have imposed sanctions because of human rights violations . "
"if you go out to the corner right at the main intersection right in front of this conference center , "
"one who was distant come near to me in the morning ,  and still nearer when taken away by night . "
"britain ,  poland and the netherlands said the 28 - member bloc needed to draw up plans for potential sanctions ,  arguing the seizure of government buildings in eastern ukraine bore the hallmarks of russia’s involvement in the annexation of the crimea . "
having a niche will help you stand out in the crowd . 
the germans will be here any moment . 
unless policymakers blunder unforgivably —by letting “systemic ” institutions fail or by keeping monetary policy too tight —there is no need for today ' s misery to turn into a new depression . 
"the weight of the glaciers and sheets forces them to flow down towards the coast where ,  at the water’s edge ,  warm waves and spring weather weaken the ice ,  causing pieces to break off and enter the sea as icebergs . "
"and when i sat the students down ,  i said ,   "" who ' s got the best one ?  "" "
"and you think to yourself ,   "" hey ,  i ' m going to throw this away . "
"but when it ' s here ,  right now ,  in person ,  you know , "
"how can a video of a guy wearing a fox suit singing  "" wa - pa - pa - pa - pa - pa - pa - pow ""  get more than twelve million views on youtube in less than a week ? "
"that means the beam produced is of higher quality than other lasers ,  is extremely straight  ( even by the exacting standards of a normal laser beam )  and can thus be focused onto a small area . "
"i just went to see ,  you know ,  what they are doing in hong kong . "
burton  -  -  nominated seven times for an oscar  -  -  saw his chances of winning the coveted academy award slip as he aged and his handsome looks faded . 
"make ye him drunken :  for he magnified himself against the lord :  moab also shall wallow in his vomit ,  and he also shall be in derision . "
"hey ,  dad ,  hal ' s one of your great untapped resources down at the company . "
visiting us president barack obama said here on monday that he need to know more about china . 
"fresh from the academy ,  he ' s up to date on the latest techniques . "
"back at the monastery ,  i receive blessings from the abbot as he placed a white silk scarf over my shoulders and muttered tibetan incantations over my head . "
i swear you ' il have my love forever . 
"they ' re flying the plane ,  free to pursue a life of religious fulfilment . "
"than the one they were given in 2001 ,  2002 . "
"right now ,  as schools prepare to begin a new year ,  one concern is the h1n1 virus ,  often called swine flu . "
"let now the astrologers ,  the stargazers ,  the monthly prognosticators ,  stand up ,  and save thee from these things that shall come upon thee . "
"they ,  too ,  are a good barometer of who is up and who is down . "
"and this is the united states moving away here ,  earning more money . "
mexican officials said more than 30 shots were fired at the vehicle which has diplomatic license plates . 
"yeah ,  well ,  i ' m sorry you feel that way . "
but my stomach was churning because of the film in which i had just seen her .  she plays margaret thatcher in the biopic the iron lady . 
she was very indignant at the way she had been treated . 
you want to pick up bacterial meningitis or polio .  you go ahead and be my guest . 
"therefore ,  the black bean extracts with anti -  oxidant activity can be used as a potential natural antioxidant in the food industry . "
"for the above questions ,  this article decide to analyze the using and controlling of tyres on the base of motorcade ' s original data . "
that was the last i ' ve heard of them . 
"what had started all this was the arrest of her husband ,  héctor maseda gutiérrez ,  for “acting against the territorial integrity of the state” .  seventy - four others were arrested with him in that black spring of 2003 ,  and given average prison sentences of 20 years . "
"and i don ' t believe in aliens ,  and i don ' t believe there are any aliens on the earth"
my challenge is :  the shortest seminar i usually do is 50 hours . 
file systemsthe sources for the ext 2 file system are all in the fs / ext2 /  directory with data structure definitions in include / linux / ext2 _ fs . 
this paper studied on the hmp bleaching for the magnesium bisulfite pulp of whole stalk kenaf . 
"on the face of it ,  this was not a turbulent life . "
drooping shoulders and stomping feet furiously while walking looks very bad . 
"go slowly ,  enjoy the walk and no one will notice you . "
"so at some point ,  the love circuits and the sex circuits get gradually bound together . "
both his clothes and his general air had indicated a period of better days for him . 
fanti said it has yet to decided what to do with the 3 . 6 -  tonne igloo  -  -  which is kept indoors and will start melting at above 3c  -  -  when the fair ends on oct 22 . 
like a nature hike through the book of revelations . 
"as natives of lu ,  we cannot just stand by and watch"
" "" everyone here knows that you will not fall back . "
"tagged about 20 sharks off massachusetts ,  and his tags didn ' t really work . "
"if you would go up high ,  then use your own legs ! "
"these drugs include volatile anesthetics ,  local anesthetics ,  cardiac antidysrhythmic agents ,  and calcium channel blockers . "
as mit physicist evelyn fox keller puts it  -  - 
"based on the countermeasures principle of the mobile acoustic decoy , this paper analyzes the mathematical model of first turning angle for submarine′s launching a mobile acoustic decoy to defend against two acoustic - homing torpedoes , and proposes a new mathematical model of first turning angle with uncertain parameters . "
"man is such a strange creature ,  he falls for his own traps . "
"you ,  my love ,  are a rare commodity . "
"on the way home to visit ariel afterward ,  chatting ,  looking ,  set eyes on some horses eating grass in paddock ,  nice view . "
"and on sunday morning the neighbors leaf blower comes out , "
"dude ,  that ' s them puerto ricandudes across the hall . "
the highlight of the past month has been the design conference at the bloodhound technical centre in bristol . 
he believed they would make changes in the laws . 
we have to get out of here . 
why he went there is a mystery to me . 
"for instance ,  one room was like a jungle . "
there are numerous log and audit files that keep growing in size and there is a need to manage them so that they don ' t grow to eat up the critical space on the servers . 
"i don ' t know if that time apart was necessary for me to realize it ,  but i had more fun with her that week than i had in years . "
"i joined the wildlife conservation society ,  working there ,  in 1995 , "
that is hardly a viable approach for most people . 
"the government has set a target of 5 %  of gdp by 2016 .  most of this growth will come naturally from rising consumer wealth .  china is following the pattern of all countries where ,  as average income rises ,  and people ' s needs for food ,  clothing and housing are met ,  so they spend proportionally more on services that give them status ,  pleasure and emotional or intellectual satisfaction .  although most of china ' s state - owned enterprises have been slow to meet these new demands ,  the private sector has stepped in ,  especially in fashion ,  designer products ,  lifestyle products ,  animation and digital media .  the government has welcomed this . "
"you say ,  if you can ,  you really do not want to open a concert tour . "
"so ,  to finish ,  let ' s go through a couple of expressions that you say to people when they ' re leaving on a trip . "
"it eschews complicated workout regimens ,  tedious calorie counting ,  and loss gimmicks . "
"and we gave the ones in the east communism , "
japan general estate co said tuesday it is planning to dole out thousands of dollars a month for its employees to go on the town in a bid to help communication . 
"and of course ,  it ' s your stuff if it ' s broken . "
"he gorged himself habitually at table ,  which made him bilious ,  and gave him a dim and bleared eye with flabby cheeks . "
but what could be substitute for bullshit ? 
"fast company  ""  :  you how look upon is about to roll out do pioneering work board  ?  "" "
it showed that the meso - scale model has the potential to forecast mountain fog . 
6 you prefer strictly come dancing to x factor . 
"hey ,  hey ,  hey ,  excuse me ,   $ 150 , 000 worth of comic books . "
a spokesperson for lady gaga says bullying goes against everything the pop star stands for . 
all team line  -  up fixed .  miami heat line  -  up fixed . 
"in the presence of the phase transfer catalysts such as tetramethylammonium bromide ,  tetraethylammonium bromide or polyethylene glycol ( mw 400 and 6 , 000 )  ,  lithium hydroxide is the best alkali among lithium hydroxide , sodium hydroxide and potassium hydroxide . "
craig could only watch her from a distance . 
the company committed most of its profits to building new factories . 
now you told me that the extra year of preschool would guarantee him a spot . 
but her experience is still the national team a valuable asset . 
means he had access to all my notes and my ideas . 
after a peace deal brought to an end to most of the violence between the protestant and roman catholic communities . 
"how thick would a piece of your plexiglas need to be ,  at 60 '  x 1 0 '  ,  to withstand the pressure of 1 8 , 000 cubic feet of water ? "
"because this is really a transformation of the ecosystem as a whole , "
"he ' il press our limits ,  but try we must . "
if we targeted all phasers in a pattern ? 
"well ,  we ' re here to talk about your future . "
"but the taiwanese babies are getting better ,  not the american babies . "
"if you only want to protect cells from accidental changes ,  set the sheet protection ,  but do not enter a password . "
somebody had to sign for it at port . 
"the study of chinese cultural and artistic thinking is to reflect on the traditional thinking mode ,  which con - tains national culture and mentality .  hence ,  it provides the reference for a new mode of democratic and scientific think - "
"that ' s not really the point ,  is it ? "
that the authorities came down and citizens got up . 
that the most extraordinary aspects of your being came from you . 
why am i talking this with you ? 
the sort of complexity represented by you and me
except that he ' s carrying a tube for blueprints and stuff  -  -  they all do  -  - 
"then ,  tens of thousands of people were trained in terrorism  -  - "
"yes ,  but you must remember we split up . "
"and the dmca goes back to the audio home recording act , "
"after decades of mismanagement ,  corruption and a 14 - year - long war ,  liberia is in a worse state than it was in the 1970s . "
"the researcher ' s videos show that if the descending swatter comes from in front of the fly ,  the fly moves its middle legs forward and leans back ,  then raises and extends its legs to push off backward . "
there was only just room to brush past in the crowd . 
"that sent me to an x - ray ,  then to an mri . "
"according to the brazilian government ,  the agreement outlines exchange of experiences and knowledge of the sector and is part of brazil ' s strategy to encourage the use of biofuels in otehr countries . "
field cut  &  thermally joined vinyl or neoprene waterstops shall be constructed at all concrete joints . 
it has accelerometry .  you can plug in a three - lead ecg . 
that at least one of them will not be comporting himself
"but what i want to do now ,  i want to get to the breaking point . "
don  ' t you see that when you do that .  .  .  the lord is with you ? 
"praia ,  cape verde ,  06 dec–cape verdean air carrier ,  tacv ,  is expected to be privatized within a year and the government has already instated us company ,  sterling merchant to prepare the company ,  officials said . "
"he probably won ' t mention it ,  but you should know . "
"while domestic production increased the most in 150 years last year ,  washington will confirm later this week that oil imports from the gulf region continued to rise . "
i ' il see you in the bus terminal restaurant ! 
that something  -  -  i ' m going to try and access the universe
i gratefully acknowledge financial support from several local businesses . 
"to summarise ,  human beings have suites of genes that probably cause their brains to be plastic , "
that ' s why i ' d followed him out into the desert . 
this could easily entail two or three rigs and several months . 
"and your people as transparent and trustworthy to engage in business , "
"well ,  there ' s gotta be a story there . "
our practical nurses stand a four - hour shift . 
"john bangs ,  head of education at the national union of teachers ,  said schools were at the whim of new governments ,  which can pick apart years of hard work within days of taking office . "
"triumph and jaguar and rover and morris may have been names that delighted car enthusiasts round the world but ,  increasingly ,  customers preferred volkswagens and bmws and fiats and renaults . "
"while we were cleaning up ,  we came across some of his belongings . "
"don ' t you thinkit ' s kind of negative ,  though ? "
where do we stand with that ? 
"the wind is trumpeting ,  a bugle calling to charge ! "
"ms ahrendts warned ,  however ,  that the global economy would “remain challenging” . "
"lan ,  death doesn ' t put an end to love . "
i want all the information on the deadly vipers . 
"the streets of colombian cities were crowded with obsolete buses which operated with disregard for public safety and in near chaos ,  without organized bus stops . "
"you know ,  at an age when he ' s supposed to be a kid ,  he ' s busy taking care of one . "
"if you want a happy life ,  tie it to a goal ,  not to people or thing . "
can you get in at an early stage or is the market already saturated with competitors ? 
"formal revision of ,  addition to ,  or change ,  as in a bill or a constitution . "
"you can download a learning guide from our website ,  it will help you improve your english even faster . "
this paper introduced the anti  -  bacterial medicinal fibroin membrane abfm . 
"wait a second ,  howdid we get to dave boyle all of a sudden ? "
"i can ' t be certain my niece will blab this information to everyone ,  but somehow ,  i think she will eventually . "
and what if your dad comes up ? 
"within two months ,  nobre guedes told macauhub ,  secil will have concluded the processing of increasing it ' s stake in lebanese factory ,  ciment de sibline ,  from the current 30 percent stake to a majority share . "
these guys were the illustrious guardians of the ford motor company . 
"the bank ' s ceo ,  paulo mirpuri ,  said wednesday that the partnership with american express was fundamentally designed to allow atm withdrawals by customers anywhere in the world . "
"in general ,  i think most investors are more worried about volatility than they should be .  look at the 2008 - 2009 period and the financial crisis .  how many articles did we see then talking about how it had wiped out the savings of an entire generation of people .  and ,  here we are only four years later and the market is reaching new highs virtually every day .  if you keep in mind that ,  in general ,  markets are tied to corporations and you feel comfortable that you are invested in companies that can grow their businesses and earnings over time ,  then the volatility that the market delivers is only an issue if you need to draw down the assets in the near future .  if you know you won ' t need to draw on the assets for at least the next five years ,  volatility is not something that should keep you up at night . "
find friends who have the same desire for weight loss or a healthy and active lifestyle this way you can still enjoy great company without compromising your want to lose weight . 
"classify all dimensions into size dimensions ,  location dimensions and general dimensions based on the function semantics . "
"this book is about carbon ,  nitrogen and sulphur pollutants and their determination in air and water . "
all corporate meeting are supported by the latest sophisticated facilities and are attended by a professional team of banqueting and convention service personnel . 
"i mean ,  for me ,  it ' s so much more satisfying to see the .  .  . "
" ' the fact that two years '  worth of tweets can now be mined for information and the resulting  "" insights ""  sold to businesses is a radical shift in the wrong direction . "
" ""  ' oriental beauty '  means not only a beautiful face ,  but also beautiful qualities .  people usually think chinese women are always gentle .  this time ,  i will stand on stage and give a new definition of the chinese woman  -  someone who is not only gentle ,  but also independent and strong ,  ""  tang says . "
"i ' d like to move to stockholm ,  too . "
some of us can speak english .  others / some can speak french . 
"there is also a project underway on the archipelago to set up solar panels ,  mainly in rural areas ,  to pump water from boreholes ,  of which 46 of a total 76 have already been installed . "
could you tell me where the classic literature section is ? 
"the permanent magnets have better magnetic properties at sintering temperature between 1205℃ and 1210℃ : intrinsic coercivity 1910ka / m and maximum magnetic energy product 210kj / m 3 ,  and magnetic properties will decease above or below the temperature ; "
but some regions of europe see an opportunity in catering for an ageing population . 
the crash happened seconds after the pilot reported engine trouble . 
"according to gates and senior commanders ,  success will be elusive unless civilian government agencies pitch in more than they have done so far . "
"this couldn ' t have happened too long ago ,  jim . "
"the results revealed that ,  in the supine and semirecumbent positions ,  the pressure applied to the sacrum increased while the upright angle increased in hemiplegic patients . "
"he proves that  "" ladies don ' t always fancy the nice guy ""  . "
sas decreased gradually by the increment of peep except at 15 cm h 2 o  ( all p  <  0 . 05 ) 
the wound from the dog bite had become infected . 
so this leads me to think of this in a different way . 
"you can ' t force people of free will ,  and i totally support that . "
"the analgesic potency of 3 -  ( β - phenylethyl )  - 9β - methoxy - 9α -  ( mpropionoxyphenyl )  - 3 - azabicyclo [ 3 , 3 , 1 ]  nonane  ( ⅱ _ a )  corresponds to more than 2000 times that of morphine . "
why did you ask me over anyway ? 
he got up and found his way back to the camp . 
the morale of the enemy troops is sinking lower every day . 
from today i make you the assistant provost of this republic . 
but there was something kind of exciting about buck . 
"new scientific direction :  nutritional losing weight ,  anti  -  rebound ,  no diarrhea ,  no anorexia and no dependence . "
"something ,  such as a skin or peel ,  that has been pared off . "
i ' il be back in half an hour . 
it was in the books ;  it was inside the teacher ' s head ; 
a bearded worker will typically require a powered air  -  purifying respirator  ( papr )  with a hood or helmet . 
the family arrived at the show and was in their seats in good time . 
the baldwin hills crenshaw plaza mall is located in the heart of l . a .  ' s latino and african american neighborhoods . 
if it works .  .  .  you ` il lose your strength .  .  .  and your ability to regenerate . 
"she explained that each follicle has an enormous surface area ,  which the oil  "" sticks ""  to . "
the hungry boy gulped down the bowl of soup . 
" "" we have suits .  we have separates .  we have dresses ,  ""  she says .   "" during winter months ,  we have coats .  so the first visit they receive two outfits and then once they ' ve secured full - time employment ,  they can come back and receive three more ,  so that they have a week ' s worth of outfits .  with these outfits they get shoes ,  a handbag ,  accessories as well as one on one consultation with one of our volunteers to assist them in mixing and matching the outfits to maximize the clothing that they receive .  "" "
you ' re lucky father quintero didn ' t throw you out for good . 
"this paper is intended to analyze the background ,  process and causes of the financial crisis in east asia and based on the analysis to study the various measures china has taken to cope with the crisis and their effectiveness . "
"when my first novel written in english came out in america , "
"assorted icecreams can be also found in other european pavilion areas ,  such as in greece ,  the netherlands ,  and belgium pavilions . "
"unfortunately ,  they ' re better than all the other ideas . "
the noise absorption coefficient and the road / tire system ' s vibration feature of several stone mastic asphalt  ( sma )  pavement samples and common asphalt pavement samples are tested to study sma pavement ' s function of absorbing noise and reducing vibration . 
"from the study ,  some available measures for lowering the holding force of the gate are obtained and the related parameters for determining the capacity of the gate lifter are put forward as well . "
"a friend of mine got me interested in comic books , "
it takes a full eight minutes for its radiation to reach us . 
"through heredity determination of vegetative progeny and field test , the new mango variety ' guire mang 120 ' showed excellent characters : fine quality , high yield , stable yield , fruit in good looking , fine and smooth , clear sweet smell and high eatable rate , stout crown , and easy in determinating crown . "
"you have not been worn down yet by long hours of thankless work ,  by theslings and arrows of everyday life . "
who the hell yells it every 30 seconds ?  ! 
government invested projects are the important components of fixed assets in community  -  wide investments . 
"if you don ' t get an opening shock ,  you don ' t get a parachute  -  - "
several reports are quoting local mayor huseyin sanverdi as saying a syrian - registered car is believed to have been at the center of the blast . 
" "" seafood includes bony and cartilaginous fishes ,  crustaceans ,  mollusks ,  edible jellyfish ,  sea turtles ,  frogs ,  sea urchins ,  and sea cucumbers .  "" "
"regardless of whether it is your first or last semester in college ,  the start of each term requires a certain amount of preparation . "
you think we might have grown up since then . 
"suppose that s .  denote the set of all symmetric primitive nonnegative matrices .  let s  ( n , d )   =   { a∈s _ n /  the length of the least odd cycles in associated digraph of a is d }  . "
the feds will come right down on you . 
"thirty people suffered severe injuries ,  while the other 305 were slightly injured ,  xinhua said . "
"some circular formations are visited by thousands of these enthusiasts ,  causing further damage to crops and sometimes property . "
"but i tell you ,  do not swear at all :  either by heaven ,  for it is god ' s throne ; "
"around 4 , 000 small and medium - sized enterprises ,  or smes ,  will access credit through these guaranteed loans , "
"because ,  mostly ,  sick people used to be healthy people  -  - "
"caleb ,  get back to the car now . "
in front of him and her when we enter that exam room
and the way she thought it very valuable for kids to kind of discover things on their own
"they worked out an effective method ,  which was confirmed by the leadership . "
"morten quit college to work for henning as a  "" creative ""  consultant . "
"now we weren ' t overly alarmed ,  since we did have a 12  - guage pump with plenty of ammunition . "
the optical system of a refracting telescope is essentially the as that of a compound microscope . 
there was a very important study done a while ago
i think i ' il soak in a hot tub . 
"is christmas good for the economy ?  i feel grimy just asking the question ,  since so many campaigns now try to justify as ""  good for the economy  "" reduced obesity ,  equal rights for gay couples ,  an end to racism or a cure for dementia .  these things are good ,  full stop .  any attempt to justify them as being good for economic reasons is well - meaning nonsense .  the economy is a means to an end :  human flourishing .  it ' s not an end in itself . "
"and here ' s your choice :  you can either be risky , "
"dowries  -  -  such as jewelry ,  clothes ,  cars and money  -  -  are traditionally given by the bride ' s family to the groom and his parents to ensure she is taken care of in her new home . "
"tensions between pakistan and afghanistan have been rising in recent weeks .  earlier this month ,  afghan president hamid karzai threatened to send troops into pakistan to fight taliban militants responsible for cross - border attacks . "
"i ' m slightly uncomfortable in the dark ,  sir . "
"and i know that oil comes from the ocean and phytoplankton , "
the ottawa capital chinese school operates within the regulations of the ottawa carleton catholic school board . 
"who puts on a wig of someone ' s hair ,  assumes his lot . "
"we have carried out experiments which show that what is known in the trade as the beer -  goggle effect ,  does actually exist ,  barry jones ,  professor of psychology at glasgow university ,  told reporters . "
"usually they display a price tag of 10 yuan for their services ,  but that’s certainly not the real fee .  shop owners ask potential customers about their specific needs and base their price on the word count and other requirements .  an academic paper may cost between a few hundred yuan  ( for a short term paper )  and tens of thousands of yuan  ( for long dissertations )  . "
54 percent of the children under the age of five years
it’s the last to be released before the us presidential election where the economy is the key factor . 
"in ancient greece ,  you would have been killed for this . "
we all are interested in the status of world affairs . 
payments can be evened out on a monthly basis over the year . 
"the moon had set ,  dawn was breaking ,  and they were finishing the line of sheaves when akim ,  the eldest son ,  in his sheepskin and cap ,  joined the threshers . "
36 million condoms for free to the citizens of new york . 
additional executions of the script simply skip over the run time attributes because of the noreplace option . 
"my mind stayed distracted as i wondered what people were thinking of me ,  and what i would post online to my friends back home . "
"the play was ,  in their view ,  a travesty of the truth . "
enterprises which fail to meet the aforesaid requirements may not enjoy the treatment provided for by different policies for the national development zones for new and high technology industries . 
the transfer of money by bank check is very common today . 
we relived our old high schooi days . 
untreated heat stress can lead to a more serious problem heat exhaustion . 
"along with the column ' s usual focus on server  -  pertinent security and development issues ,  look for at least one more installment this spring on technologies for hosting legacy applications . "
right in the center of the hubs of the ducts in the system  -  - 
"how ever , this legislative mode violates the modesty of criminal law and causes conflicts a - mong le gal clauses , thus it should be amended . "
we ' ve been going out with them for a year now . 
the band theory of solids is used to calculate the absorption and gain of semiconductor media . 
i don ' t even know who you are . 
"“by contemporary standards ,  the grimms’ original stories are packed with violence and sex . ”"
"at the historic taj hotel in the southern tip of the city late friday ,  the air was filled with the sound of grenades ,  sporadic machine - gun fire and helicopters hovering overhead . "
" "" china is a vital ally in the fight against global warming ,  ""  he said . "
"he won ,  and by the end of 2011 ,  all 396 bendy members of the 7 , 500 fleet will be purged — in time for next year ' s mayoral election ,  at which his opponent will be mr livingstone . "
"neurological disorders affect people in all countries ,  irrespective of age ,  sex ,  education or income . "
i will ask you all to clap in unison
this too looked red and raw .  there was no bandage . 
you pulled a lot of them in that room . 
temperature span is one of the main factors to affect the jointless track on bridge . 
"everyone loves shorts and flip - flops  -  -  especially if you start the interview by kicking the flip - flops up on top of the interviewer ' s desk ,  then yawning loudly before opening a tin of pringles . "
 ( the author is correspondent with lianhe zaobao .  translated by allen zhuang ) 
who ' s crazy about you and dumb as hell ? 
sick bastard made his own personal snuff film . 
i think they wanted me to know to see what i would do . 
and he promptly handed the sheet of paper to the gaoler . 
"from a national geographic film called  "" heroes of the high frontier .  "" "
i hope it is a destiny .  .  .  that will bring honor to our family .  .  .  and if it requires my life .  .  . 
we ' ve all agonized over difficult decisions .  go to college or backpack around europe ?  buy or rent ?  apple pie or death by chocolate ? 
"along with the development of our country ' s infrastructure ,  more and more high quality highways have been emerging in many areas such as soft clay ground ,  airdrome ,  etc . "
"but as one man at shinde ' s funeral said :   "" the way to honor those who were killed in the attacks is to try to carry on normally  .  "" "
"i ' m just gettin '  really -  just kinda t . o .  ' d .  .  .  because ,  i mean ,  she hasn ' t even sent me a full body shot yet . "
not with my old friend trapped inside . 
"in his heyday ,  he was a great tennis player . "
"you can see them sitting on the ground ,  their arms linked . "
i find it difficult to conceive of a policy that withdraws from iraq and increases our troops in afghanistan . 
it ' ll approximate that shape .  we do this for real in the test tube . 
"finally ,  a stand off attack simulation system is built up . "
"until people started contributing materials ,  for example ,  on lingerie , "
now there is an epidemic of obesity :  two - thirds of
"all cells carry the same complete genome ,  but different genes get turned on ,  for example ,  in a liver cell compared with a nerve cell . "
"you need to add some structure ,  since you necessarily require the reply to follow the response  -  -  they cannot be executed out of turn ,  that wouldn ' t make sense for the process . "
"pierre perignon was a benedictine monk who ,  in 1688 ,  was appointed treasurer at the abbey of hautillers in champagne . "
and that name you gave for him ? 
i ' m gonna have to answer to the lord . 
i forgot that i said that .  but it ' s really true . 
"last week ,  i was sent an e - mail about someone who had retired from investment banking after a brilliantly successful career . "
do you feel the drawing ' s going well ? 
that ' s why you gotta forget about her . 
ion bombardment affects the stability and lifetime of micro  -  tip field emission devices . 
my own research has not been in it or anything like this . 
the chinese government has shown an important commitment to reforms to make growth sustainable and improve the quality of life for its people . 
why are there so manypregnantfemales and young at holzmaden when they are so rare elsewhere ? 
"involved ,  like wikipedia ,  gives me a certain set of social relations . "
the french government had formed an alliance with russia . 
security camera in new york recorded you fighting one of them . 
"yes ,  you can ,  and i ' ll show you in a second how to do that . "
" "" so now with the recent elections wrapped up ,  yup ,  on the federal level we are now the minority party ,  ""  said sarah palin .   "" but let us resolve not to become the negative party ,  too eager to find fault or unwilling to help in this time of crisis and war .  losing an election does not have to mean losing our way .  "" "
"resultsthe results showed that total alkaloid from corydalis adunca maxim could remarkably prolong the time of mice lick its backfoot , reduce the twisting times in mice ( p < 0 . 05 ) and relieve mouse ear swelling induced by dimethylbenzene ( p < 0 . 05 )  , but it had no effect on the increase of rat capillary permeability induced by histamine ( p > 0 . 05 )  . "
success in your job is not worth the sacrifice of your health . 
"is that you have some intuitive ways of interacting with the world , "
" ' i can ' t explain myself ,  i ' m afraid ,  sir '  said alice ,   ' because i ' m not myself ,  you see .  ' "
why don ' t you give it a couple of weeks to settle down ? 
"for loely eyes ,  seek out the good in people . "
"for life and death are one ,  even as the river and the sea are one . "
"look ,  you ' ve got a whole family behind you . "
"once we knew you were ill ,  i was tasked to you by director fury . "
but the kurdish language and culture are increasingly making their presence felt . 
"they enter the queue ,  they just zip right out . "
"but we ' re also aware that ,  since the beginning of photography , "
"and i managed to get them to try it out ,  and shoot a video . "
5 .  q :  you majored in philosophy .  how did that prepare you for this career ? 
"we went in and sat down at the booth ,  and the waitress came over , "
if you think about what we normally take as giving life a lot of its meaning  -  - 
these are the distances of the tubes which make it walk that way . 
"how much of the mass accreted before ,  during ,  and after galaxy formation remains to be seen . "
this is a cop comedy in which andy samberg plays the goony but gifted detective jake peralta . 
"and i ' m just trying not to panic and freak out .  so i like ,  take a deep breath . "
and we can start to look at that system like we never have before . 
the uk authorities adopted the same view as the us :  market forces guaranteed both efficiency and stability . 
whales use low frequency calls to communicate across thousands of miles of ocean . 
"the fbi understands everything ,  that it is not you that is doing this . "
"they lived with their mother in a sand  -  bank ,  underneath the root of a very big fir  -  tree . "
one of the first water clocks was a basin with a small hole near the bottom through which the water dripped out . 
the philly musicians were leaving beijing for macao as part of their fortieth anniversary tour of china commemorating the orchestra ' s historic 1973 visit to the country . 
"yes ,  this is our address ,  but we don ' t have her anymore . "
"and while this quality has helped aries get ahead ,  it can also compromise their relationships . "
"today ,  many parents blame vaccines for their children ' s autism and some ill gulf war veterans blame their anthrax shots . "
"meanwhile , she sings a dirge for the family system which is not worthy of a better destiny in old china with her lyric tone of misery and grief , and the feelings of her sad experience . "
jump in the line rock your body in time
"if you assume that all magnets had to be hard , "
" "" we have 18 days to go .  we are six points down ,  ""  he said .   "" the national media has written us off .  senator obama is measuring the drapes .  but you know what ?  they forgot to let you decide .  my friends ,  as it has been in other races ,  we ' ve got them just where we want them !  "" "
i care more about the potential of a job . 
that ' s why a lot of our people are more or less living in taiwan right now . 
description :  gmt contraption for increasing the potential power of the transpositor . 
"a fragrant ,  watery soup ,  wonton is filled with bite  - sized boiled dumplings and dozens of the tiniest shrimps you can imagine . "
"also known as the  "" leapers of libbet .   "" "
"3 .  ask for information now ,  and a job later .  especially since you have time before you ' ll be moving ,  cahill says ,   "" don ' t just throw out there ,   ' hey ,  i need a job .  '  you ' ll hear crickets .  "" "
"and end up inside it as pure ,  potable drinking water . "
"more importantly ,  they should go away with an understanding of how and why this story has been written . "
"a company that is completely transparent may find it hard to win any more contracts from dodgy governments ,  which ,  alas ,  control a lot of the world ' s natural resources . "
"the florescence of female flowers is much shorter than that of male ,  which varies from 16 to 21 days ,  and the luxuriant bloom period varies from 8 to 12 days . "
they ' re going to reprint our article everywhere . 
the more we face a very obvious array of problems . 
"no ,  in that case ,  there were actually a few times that i .  .  . "
the boss is besotted by her youth and beauty . 
"and i said ,   "" yeah ,  that i ' m going to have a party and a cake"
"and ,  the other thing that ' s important is that this is not sally struthers . "
"relax the muscles in your jaw ,  forehead ,  and lips to keep cool ,  then eke out a grin . "
"finally ,  we need to enhance regional and multi  -  lateral cooperation in asia . "
i ' m astonished that you ' ve lasted eight weeks on this island . 
we destroyed  $  1 00 million worth of equipment down there and people died . 
there were gasps of horror from the spectators as he fell off the tightrope . 
but today i ' m going to talk to you about something you can ' t see  -  - 
it ' s a language .  but it is not a language that can be reduced
the talks were condemned by hamas leaders in gaza . 
"i remember being on a plane going from kenya to south africa , "
"draw ,  write or paint something – let your inner artist surprise you . "
do you think i got where i am today .  .  .  because i dress like peter pan here ? 
boost your confidence by completing a particularly hardcrosswordor sudoku puzzle . 
"when the twenty days were up ,  half of the rats were moved from ordinary laboratory cages to fancy new cages equipped with all kinds of bridges ,  ramps ,  tunnels ,  and other toys . "
you ' re aboutto learn who you gonna call . 
i ' m not saying that it is not reaching at all . 
does something seem wrong ?  is something out of place ? 
"nevertheless ,  trouble still manage to take them by surprise . "
"tomas was older than kidd ,  and he assumed the authority . "
"and she doesn ' t play piano or dance ,  or sing"
"remember ,  these headline tips can work for email subject lines ,  tweets ,  facebook posts ,  videos ,  and many other situations where you want to grab someone ' s attention . "
i shouldn ' t have brought all of you to visit the farm . 
"first it ' s an inch in your view ,  then it ' s a quarter - inch , "
so we ' il see if any bad apples fall out . 
how much do you think those things are ? 
being snubbed by beauticians is not relaxing . 
"i take them apart , then i put them back together again . "
"wait ,  wait ,  wait ,  i got this one . "
to go back to local food means that a poor man like hans rosling
i don ' t understand why you ' re so angry at me . 
we get a lot of mortars at night . 
put out your little tongue that i may cut it off as my payment ;  then you shall have the powerful draught . 
"based on the cutting - dimension analysis method of the main components , this paper has conducted the forecasts of the precipitation of the main flood season during 1989 - 2000 and the examination of the returning generations .  the accuracy rate of examination result reaches 75 %  , which explains that the method can obtain the good forecast result with olr departure index in the black current area as the predictors . "
that ' s because he knows everything about you . 
be accountable for achieving sales target through developing key accounts and focused market segments . 
"and you know ,  with the future billions that we ' ve been hearing about , "
"now that you can ask a requirement whether it ' s linked to a model element ,  you ' re ready to flesh out the traceutil .  relatedobjects method to use this new capability  ( see listing 16 )  . "
with such large losses i would not be justified in leaving matters as they are . 
i don ' t want to pull your body from there . 
so you add things to your liquid silk solution  -  - 
"and you let it go ,  and then right when you see the tail , "
you should be able to do something pretty interesting
he won high ratings  [ marks ]  in all his examinations . 
"quintet for piano ,  oboe ,  clarinet ,  horn  &  bassoon in e flat major ,  op . "
" "" in our program ,  for example ,  in the northern part of uzbekistan we ' ve started to test systematically all of our tb patients for drug resistance ,  whether or not they appear to be at risk for drug resistance . "
what were they ?  yellow mustard .  what ' s in yellow mustard ? 
"do you mail statements to your customers ?  if so ,  what procedures exist to prevent interception / manipulation prior to mailing ? "
"the second phase ,  according to the adb ,  will be a continuation of the first ,  involving 360 kilometres of roads in zambia ,  between luangwa and mwami . "
" ?  alright ,  here we go ,  we ' re almost there"
"during this exercise ,  the spaceship will be locked onto the other side of the space station ,  so that the men can move from one vehicle to the other . "
but we had problems with it .  we had severe problems there . 
"flight attendant :  oh ,  yours is a window seat .  this way ,  please . "
"the bills pile up , his wife calls the insurance company . "
"the first phase of implementation of the program ,  which began in 2007 ,  involved drawing up projects and covered nine of the country ' s 18 provinces .  according to filomena delgado ,  there was a need to set up a fund to provide a sustainable source of funding for the program ,  because the state budget cannot meet all the project ' s requirements . "
looks like a goddamn nicaraguan death squad . 
here is another one  -  -  this is one of my favorite illusions . 
"it ' s not making headlines ,  it ' s not making news ,  it ' s not flashy . "
his sweat flowed like the good rain and sweet dew that nurtured all things on earth . 
"despite promising study results ,  some doctors say there still isn ' t enough evidence to prove such exercises will help people in everyday life . "
can anybody see anything but the left one being longer ? 
fundamentals and overtones of other bands in this region are not difficult to recognise . 
"both heartily savors life happiness ,  and offers the society with all one ' s heart ; "
" "" this is an issue that is affecting hardworking people ,  ""  he said .   "" they are worried about their savings .  they are worried about their jobs .  they are worried about their houses .  they are worried about their small businesses .  and ,  the house of representatives must listen to these voices .  "" "
"and this time ,  they no longer respond to the drug . "
"fear of rejection ,  perhaps based on early life experiences ,  prompts a sense of caution in romance . "
"although we can ' t make vaccine in this country ,  but that ' s a different story . "
"without pollinators there ' d be no raspberries ,  blueberries ,  or even milk on your cereal  ( cows feed on bee  -  pollinated alfalfa and clover )  . "
let ' s not make it too easy for them . 
and i fear that it will not survive the winter . 
"interface ,  he decided ,  would leave no print on the green - and - blue carpet of the world . "
"audiences are paying for the experience of an afternoon away from their cramped apartments ,  rather than simply to see the film  ( illegal versions of which are widely available )  . "
"not the type i would prefer to have my pork chops with but  "" each man to his own ""  ,  right ? "
"i took the gun ,  lifted it to my shoulder and sighted down the black barrel .  bogy ,  brown eyes regarding me ,  panted happily ,  pink tongue peeking from tusked jaws . "
"some individuals drink to cope with or  "" medicate ""  emotional problems . "
"according to meziat ,  it was necessary to increase the export of goods to china with greater added value ,  as“the chinese sell more to brazil these days than they buy . ”"
and we can extend that now to just about everything . 
"for now ,  makinson says ,  digital books are expanding the market ;  hardback sales in the us are up this year ,  despite the march of ebooks . "
cars have also been set alight .  a man has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder following reports that shots were fired . 
the last six lord marshals have called this home . 
she came out here to be an actress . 
"maputo ,  mozambique ,  26 march–a new international airport is due to be built in pemba ,  the capital of mozambique ' s cabo delgado province as the cost of expanding an modernising the current airport is similar to that of building a new one ,  according to maputo newspaper di ário de not ícias . "
pat you on the back for the casino idea ? 
"that connect these ideas ,  and they kind of instinctively come out . "
"abel da silva ,  the director - general of production ,  modernization and social action of the defense ministry ,  said that ethanol production was part of a number of activities planned as part of the agro - farming projects of guinea bissau ' s armed forces . "
georgia had never in his life so much as handled a gun . 
his sole concern was his rickshaw .  this could provide griddle cakes and all sorb of food ;  it was a horn of plenty which followed him meekly around . 
the kismet wireless sniffer is an 802 . 11 b network sniffer and network dissector . 
we now have approximately 24 possible targets in track . 
"wang’s friends shared her works on their micro blogs and she became a sensation .  after that ,  she created her 11th work – a three - meter high panda playing in a bamboo forest . "
i’d like to have one of those about twenty feet over my house . 
the attractions of the big city soon led him astray . 
"where do rich asians put their money ?  depends on the country .  japanese millionaires favored putting their money in cash and deposits - with 49 . 4 %  of their assets in that category ,  almost double the global average of 24 %  - and less in real estate ,  with just 11 . 9 %  of wealth in property . "
"so in 1543 ,  nicholas copernicus published  "" the revolutions of heavenly spheres ,  "" "
and it ' s getting louder and louder and they circle and circle
"in order to popularize the use of numerical control machine tool in every walk of life ,  we can do relevant technical analysis towards the product according to our clients  "" request  .  "" "
extremes meet .  the most furious anarchist become the most barefaced apostate . 
"from the opium war in 1840 ,  china suffered the colonialist aggression for almost 110 years . "
"economists say taiwan’s second - half performance depends largely on whether growth recovers in china ,  its largest trade partner ,  as well as in western markets for the electronics goods that together account for a third of taiwan’s exports . "
"so people want to be their best ,  put their best foot forward . "
"and when we see him ,  we casually blurt out , "
"this paper describes the design principle ,  classification and features of ral color chip system . "
"out of any source  -  -  saltwater ,  polluted water ,  latrine  -  - "
"america relies on china to finance its trade deficit ,  while china needs the us to buy its goods in order to keep export - led growth on track . "
"construction of the pipeline which had originally been scheduled for september last year fell behind due to a delay in approval of the environmental study ,  which is expected to be approved by may . "
the element of cu has relate to activity ability of the forest ' s growth part and to the to the manacle forest . 
she succeeded in fulfilling herself both as an actress and a mother . 
"you don ' t get your miles unless you ' re actually on the flight ,  so come on . "
the cultivation of prospective talents in track and field sports is a strategic problem . 
we ' il put the money in his name . 
john aldridge is backing liverpool to avoid this afternoon ' s potential fa cup banana skin at luton and keep their wembley dreams on track . 
there were only 30 of these classical dancers still living . 
all i ' m saying is it just seems a little silly .  .  .  falling asleep during a bank robbery . 
their dominance is so beautiful that it trumps all of that . 
"with the break - up of the austro  - hungarian monarchy in 1918 ,  the small republic of austria was seen by many of its citizens as economically not viable . "
a man possessed of some radical notions . 
"to ameliorate this speed mismatch ,  modern cpus use extensive caching  ( to the point where most of the transistors on a modern cpu are devoted to caching )  . "
"focused on a current tendency of technical presentation in the architectural field in china ,  the author first identifies the causes of this tendency as being the borrowing of the thought of architec ture from abroad ,  economic development at home and aesthetic orientation ,  nihilism ,  and pragma tism in the cultural background ,  and then suggests that architects take into consideration in their de sign more honesty and truthfulness ,  more humanism and thoughtfulness ,  more harmony ,  modesty and passion ,  which have more positive influences on people ' s mind . "
"they must be qualified to analyze ,  appraise and interpret economic data and government programs ,  as well as formulate and recommend national economic policy . "
"instead ,  yang said ,  she ended up more like theblindcharacters in those same books  -  jane eyre ' s love mr .  rochester ,  or pavel korchagin ,  the hero who fought against hisdisabilityto achieve success . "
"one of the most amazing things is that whatever we ' re feeling about someone ,  we will project onto that person .  if you subconsciously don ' t like someone ,  they will sense it very subtly from your eyes ,  the way you look at them ,  from your body language ,  and from something in your energy .  we find it very difficult to feel comfortable in the presence of someone we feel doesn ' t like us ,  yet we ' re often not quite sure how or why we know ,  we just do . "
"you know ,  for a person who cares so deeply ,  you really talk a lot of shit behind his back . "
it ' s just that the arab bureau would like its own man on the spot to .  .  . 
facing the challenge of traditional civilization suffering contemporary intellectual must not only pay attention to carry forward and modernize the good traditions but also show concern over politics and social work . 
an angry opponent might lose his temper and send a rival sprawling . 
"systematic experiment and research are carried out with the 1∶2 5 model of unbonded prestressed concrete cantilever of flat plate .  with the theory analysis , the elastic moments distribution ,  cracking load , modified equation of crack moment , plastic moments redistribution during cracking , stress increase of unbonded prestressed steel at failure and design method of cross direction are obtained . "
"teller :  certainly ,  which account would you like me to transfer this to ? "
"dr .  sobel ,  you received a callthis morning from paul vitti . "
"i normally don ' t care what people do ,  but you ' re acting weird . "
to acknowledge or subvert the fact that we ' re looking at it ? 
once or twice a month we lie it up . 
i picked this up in the kitchen . 
"smith ,  blackboard cooperative model of newell and the result share model of smith and davis . "
 ?  and everybody is free to make a difference .   ? 
"plant this small seed ,  wait 2 , 000 years ,  and you get this : "
"beloved cousin ,  your beauty grows with each new moon . "
he pulled her down so that they were kneeling face to face . 
"israeli prime minister ariel sharon underwent five hours of emergency surgery on friday to relieve cranial pressure and stop bleeding on his brain .  mr .  sharon ' s doctors say the surgery was successful ,  but mr .  sharon remains in critical condition . "
"to  "" i am doing it .  ""  and that ' s the  "" i can ""  mindshift . "
"i ' m not getting anything on sonar ,  but watch yourselves out there . "
"this newly liberated country is going to have a rough time ,  but it will pull through . "
"the train k1039 ,  destined for shenzhen from zhengzhou ,  was not supposed to stop at huizhou railway station . "
"and all the collective minds in this room ,  i dare say , "
"i need to nail this tomorrow ,  right ? "
"but ,  see ,  my friendjosh is the kind of guy who .  .  . "
but he notes that china has never arrested or expelled any north koreans . he says that is why it appears north korea is carrying out the attacks under china ' s approval . 
"the encounter was enlivened by the presence of an urban youth group ,  for whom the bank arranged to visit the village earlier in the day . "
"i tried to call you up last night ,  but no one answered the phone . "
"for whom he did foreknow ,  he also did predestinate to conformed to the image of his son ,  that he might the firstborn among many brethren . "
imagine their surprise and delight when they broke open the packing cases and found that the fourth engine was sweet as honey - still in perfect condition . 
"so ,  you don ' t put actual money on the table when you are betting ,  say ,  in blackjack or poker ,  you use these colored chips  -  these little pieces of plastic . "
dean knocked out a power on the island of saint lucia and martinique . 
"spending in rich countries ,  such as america and britain ,  will flounder as long as households look to pay down the debts they acquired to buy expensive homes . "
i ' il be coming with you to retrieve the warheads . 
the videos show the detainee abu wa ' el dhiab being forcibly fed through a tube in his nose . 
"public health officials say tobacco companies are avoiding a worldwide ban on advertising tobacco products to young people by using smartphone applications ,  or  "" apps .  "" "
"design :  induced administration of den solution ,  we got the rat liver cancers model to observe the regulation effects of invigorating spleen and regulating qi to genetic transcription ,  which is relevant to the transcription and signal transduction in genome of rats - liver - cancer tissues ,  controlled treatments about chemotherapy of medicine - ftorafurum ,  and the two tcm treatments including expelling toxin cooling and promoting blood circulation to remove blood stasis . "
from his words and behavior i know that he ' s a know - it - all fellow . 
"moose on call :  mike mussina saved some mileage on friday ,  bypassing a scheduled rehab start for double - a trenton in favor of pitching a simulated game at yankee stadium . "
but only better  -  -  it ' s going to be something different . 
looks likecinderella is playing hard to get . 
"from social networks to the websites of venerable high street stalwarts ,  over - familiarity has spread like the plague across the internet ,  says colm o  ' regan . "
i licked her hand in the same way i used to comfort you so many years ago . 
there is something wrong with the back wheels of the truck . 
"but whether they love him or loathe him ,  arabs are astonished by the images of saddam in captivity─ the all - powerful arab leader has been dragged ,  bearded and disheveled ,  from a underground hole . "
captain james tiberius kirk will be born . 
"taking into account accumulated figures for the first two months of the year ,  china was brazil ' s second - largest supplier ,  with us $ 1 . 494 billion ,  while argentina was in third place with us $ 1 . 385 billion .  the us ,  which led ,  sold us $ 2 . 6 billion to brazil in the period . "
"that way ,  if we ever break up ,  i can use it again . "
just give mea dime of your finest sticky . 
"uses exactly the same kinds of tricks and devices , "
"swallow ,  it is far more gratifying to help others . "
"fill up ,  then ,  the measure of the sin of your forefathers ! "
it does not go have a circus ! 
reward systems should encourage people to take up and apply new skills . 
"does he have a fucking gun ,  danny ? "
" "" let ' s cut the channel and make an island and make an island building .  "" "
this is an antique trading street called liu li chang . 
"maputo ,  mozambique ,  11 may–the international financial crisis affected two sources of mozambique ' s foreign reserves ,  specifically export revenues and income as a result of their management ,  the governor of the bank of mozambique said monday in maputo . "
"direct foreign investment in latin america ' s powerhouse economy in 2005 is set to reach us $  16 billion ,  according to brazil ' s central bank . "
"it used to be dominated by companies such as ibm and microsoft ,  which made their billions selling software and services to corporations . "
"i may not get to everything on that list this year  ( or even in my lifetime )  ,  but at least i can understand what direction i want to be moving in . "
he followed his orders to the letter . 
"i can ' t work here anymore ,  all right ? "
"if you compose your answers while someone else is speaking ,  you ' re really only having half a conversation . "
"in this paper , with band - pas filter as sigual pre - processing method ,  coil current ,  time of appearance of vibration event ,  vibration displace ment ,  velocity ,  acceleration and signal energy as characteristic value , a monitoring methed for hv circuit breaker mechanical condition is built . "
think of my son dreams of being a beautician . 
"you choose to do things and by dint of your choices ,  some choices become more learned than others . "
"the third stage is the dying out of company credit basis .  when the company faces liquidation and dismiss ,  the property of the company will be distributed to creditors and shareholders . "
aren ' t you supposed to get down on your knee or something ? 
think of all the experiences you have . 
so here we have a line and a point outside the line . 
"i mean ,  physically ,  i see people who are too timid to try anything new . "
"there ' s too much talent for them to weed through .  what used to be  "" finding a needle in a haystack ""  has now become  "" finding a needle in ten haystacks .  ""  as a result ,  recruiters have to determine a candidate ' s marketability much quicker . "
"“hotels in luanda are always overbooked ,  regardless of category and the time of year .  the occupancy rate is 97 percent ,  ”he said . "
it seems to me the problems you worry yourself sick about never seem to materialize . 
"the batsman usually knows and ,  traditionally ,  a batsman should  "" walk ""  – leave the ground – if he knows he is out . "
please remain for a minute at the end of the meeting
who knows how long this war will last . 
confessor :  one who confesses faith in christianity in the face of persecution but does not suffer martyrdom . 
"dr pawliczko would like see more countries prepare for the coming demographic shift .  after all ,  she says ,  there is no doubt it is happening . "
"and i asked one of the voters ,  i said ,   "" whom are you going to vote for ?  "" "
goo hye sun watched the award ceremony on tv . 
there are definite conditions surrounding the formalized process of schooling . 
we ' re getting ready to get really banoodles out here . 
"if i have a hundred of these ,  a hundred of those , "
"a betta’s stomach is about the size of its eyeball ,  so take care not to feed your fish too much . "
by careful selecting and roguing the strain was evolved . 
"q :  it ' s reported that after his recent talks with us defense secretary ,  malaysian defense minister hamidi said that his country never felt bullied by china but preferred to engage with china . "
"“my wife left me ,  and now i’m miserable” – or very happy ,  it depends ,  really ,  on who your wife is . "
"dragons are symbols of the natural world ,  power ,  adaptability ,  and transformation . "
isn ' t necessarily the most efficient way that they could work . 
it was enough for the canal to act as an amplifier for every sound in his body . 
i don ' t like spinach even though i know it ' s good for me . 
what have i done to poor shelley ? 
"so ,  you ' ve got a little one there . "
"if you test them ,  all four will get the same scores in whatever you ask them . "
7 .  join a community sports team .  most places have community sports team that play in the summer ;  they can range from competitive baseball to completely silly kickball leagues .  see what ' s in your area and what you can join for the few months you ' re free . 
"mother had to fight off my dad because he went along with most of the professionals ,  the dark forces who wanted to put me in an institution . "
"rf devices for mobile communication network base stations ,  3 g license issuance ,  will be fully operational network . "
"still ,  i think it ' s good to just leave everything when things get crazy . "
"the whole system would have a much lower profile , "
"sounds simple ,  i know .  it is a simple concept .  the problem is ,  it ' s very hard to do ,  it takes a lot of work ,  and it can take a lifetime to figure it out . "
the teacher has made out a list of reference books . 
"one of the best known is acumen fund ,  led by jacqueline novogratz , "
"ever since ,  people have had difficulty in deciding whether the craft should be ranged among ships ,  planes ,  or land vehicles  -  -  for it is something in between a boat and an aircraft . "
someone with active system knowledge penetrated our protocol . 
"michael berman ,  who owns car dealerships in chicago ,  moved from the suburbs to a four - bedroom condominium on the 57th floor of chicago ' s 92 - story trump international hotel and tower in 2009 .  though he was one of the building ' s first buyers ,  he wasn ' t interested in living on one of the very top floors ,  noting that 30 years ago he and his wife lived in a different high rise and often lost the views on a cloudy day . "
"for hours afterwards ,  the sea was strewn with bits of wood for miles around  -  - "
"if you ' re feeling particularly adventurous ,  you could have a single topping field and populate it with a bitmap or concatenated string or the like . "
might be fun to get to know him better . 
"and everyone else in the industry looked at what howard had done ,  and they said , "
"except as a  ' rahmah ,  '  except as a source of compassion to humanity .  "" "
"the tone of both democrats was generally polite ,  but there were plenty of jabs thrown during the course of the debate about recent statements that have caused both contenders problems . "
several hundred people are now thought to have died in an attack in northeastern nigeria by suspected members of the islamist group boko haram . 
"well ,  you seem intent on distressing me ,  so–"
they should be out there right now . 
"quite nice in itself ,  they ' re little ,  sort of ,  airplane things . "
"the babies ,  carolina and pablo ,  grew into bright and healthy children ,  … by some accounts ,  they knew they were adopted . "
based on dealing with the present situation and existent problems of container - grown seedling cul - ture in fujian province，this paper appraised the planting effects and economic benefits of container－grownseedlings and summed up their main technical measures . 
"under the impulsion of its screw the  "" resolute ' sailed down the thames . "
we can all keep an eye on you . 
and see how we can get this down to zero . 
i ' ve known what ' s going on for a long time . 
" "" then we tell them to follow some new rules for living that will decrease their chances of ending up dead or in prison and increase their chances dramatically of staying alive and free .  "" "
he always tries to bluster his way out of difficult situations . 
"using the equation of parabola ,  we obtain for the sheer stresses at any point in the plate . "
that we have in one our buildings at ideo ; 
we ' re just doing this for a lark ! 
you can ' t leave me alone with these people . 
"you know ,  people were taking bets on whether or not you ' d even show up . "
i was made aware of a situation so devastating
"they are looking for clues in the gulf of thailand ,  between malaysia and vietnam . "
"and ok ,  so you could sex it up and like go to a much more lickable mac , "
"i only regret that ,  due to prior commitments ,  i cannot be with you in person . "
"growth in population has also contributed to urban sprawl .  the loss of arable land to housing ,  roads and other infrastructure has also reduced the world ' s rice production . "
the dog skins through the small hole in the wall . 
the concession agreement for this funding is due to be signed friday during a visit by an sdfd mission to the archipelago to meet with the cape verdean authorities . 
there ' s an area called the gathering place of the djinn . 
"and we ask the question as a function of the three different lives , "
"conference yesterday at the scene ,  jolin tsai sexy backless dress to the stage ,  led to screaming fans ,  at the same time the murder of photographic film a lot of big brother . "
"there will certainly be some repercussions from that ,  not all of them attractive ,  but i think that was a net positive . "
my lamp uses 60 watts ;  my toaster uses 600 watts . 
"when we say something is “customer - friendly , ” we mean that it ' s easy for the customer  -  the person buying the product  -  to use . "
"any of several highly volatile ,  flammable liquid mixtures of hydrocarbons distilled from petroleum ,  coal tar ,  and natural gas and used as fuel ,  as solvents ,  and in making various chemicals . "
"the danish pilots union was the last to approve the restructuring ,  which cuts wages and increases working hours . "
how have you stayed hidden all these years ? 
how you doing with the whole adoption thing ? 
isn ' t it true that channel nine in australia want you to do another season of your talk show for them ? 
twice to mark the time that two hijacked airliners crashed into the twin towers and twice at the time of morning when each building collapsed in an inferno of flames and smoke . 
at least as far as we ' ve discovered so far inside of us . 
"for more information ,  please contact unicef at 283613or fill in the donation form on page 2of the march alive and return it directly to unicef . "
"call tantra ,  push my reservation to nine . "
i ' m going to teach you how to really fly . 
he wheeled my bicycle away from the front of my gate . 
"is that our longings and our worries are both to some degree overblown , "
i ' ve got something i think they can handle . 
"wow ,  i ' ve never had a smoke ,  either ! "
"compressed air testing can be carried out only ,  if accepted by the classification society . "
did you have this kind of problem ? 
because this slide sort of tells the story the way science magazine thinks of it . 
"ten people voted in favour ,  five against and two abstained . "
"ks :  for our last technology ,  we worked again with roman and his team"
"you ' ve got a way with words ,  mackey . "
"and for the media firms ,  since the ads would otherwise go unfilled ,  any return is pure profit . "
because you learn to over - use some of them and under - use the others . 
"my lord ,  i call my first witness ! "
"although the sun was shining ,  i took an umbrella  ( just )  to be on the safe side . "
"if you’ve ever had major surgery ,  you probably remember lying down and waking up–but nothing in between . "
"after the conocophillips oil leak in bohai bay ,  controversy surrounds who can sue for compensation . "
i ' m going to fold like an energy - based de novo protein in conformational space . 
"it is plain that ,  while animals learn about things by their senses as we do ,  they do not think nearly as much about what they learn ,  and this is the reason why they do not improve more rapidly . "
i did them things so you wouldn ' t have to . 
beijing has tried to play down google ' s threat to pull out of china because of attacks by hackers and censorship . 
"to pay attention to the lens ,  rhythm ,  the condition adjusts the degree ,  voice ,  montage etc of the movie chemical element as to it ' s the movie poem turn of reach the process . "
"you told me your salary ,  and then spoke spanish to the old white guy . "
"after all the good ,  the odd ,  the average ,  and the bad voices ,  hunan tv’s super boy is finally shifting into finals mode .  only eight of the 230 , 000 hopefuls remained on - stage after the competition on july 23 . "
i had sexy time with my mother - in - law . 
"dao is surely no problem , and it ' s old for scabbard . i think it should not original scabbard , such as the scabbard is over long obviously ! "
we believe that america’s prosperity must rest upon the broad shoulders of a rising middle class .  we know that america thrives when every person can find independence and pride in their work ;  when the wages of honest labor liberate families from the brink of hardship . 
the malarial epidemic existed in some degree in yahe district and should be controlled . 
shares in vodafone closed 8 . 2 per cent higher yesterday on confirmation of the talks . 
the man committed suicide by jumping off the cliff . 
"sao paulo ,  brazil ,  20 june–brazilian electricity company energias do brasil ,  the brazilian holding company for portuguese group edp–energias de portugal and brazilian group rede agreed an asset swap ,  with the former handing over a distributor and the latter giving up its majority stake in a power generator . "
"in mazoura ,  a village in beni suef ,  south of cairo ,  farmer abu samra zaki mahmoud is pinning his hopes on presidential candidate ahmed shafiq  -  an old guard technocrat credited with bringing egypt ' s aviation up to modern standards . "
"and special messages have relatively great influence on the random metric of bit flow of identification field .  if these messages are processed in another way ,  not only the random metric of the bit flow has obvious improvement but also with small variation range ,  and the length distribution of message which is sampled before and after with protocol distribution become more and more consistent . "
"teenager novels delicately depict characters '  mentality and describe various social lives , giving teenagers great reading delight . "
you couldn ' t have done any more or been a better mother . 
"no more rushing to work ,  struggling to finish a presentation ,  getting loaded with more work . "
"some believe the distinctive cockney brand of english is also in danger of dying out .  in today’s east end ,  the children of immigrants speak with cockney accents ,  but their slang is as likely to come from american  * jargon . "
"with hindsight ,  this ranks as just about the most foolish rhetorical question posed during the second world war . "
the law seems to give more protection to the mugger than to the muggee . 
"that not matter how much you ' ve invested in your brand , "
"yet ,  despite the increase in people growing their own ,  more than half of the uk population still do not know when 18 out of the top 22 fruit and vegetables are in season ,  according to gardeners '  world . "
siu wong and miss mou are going to marry tomorrow .  people say that principal bat is their matchmaker . 
"so it ' s not necessarily imposing other religions on them ,  but just kind of creating a sense of awareness in celebration of how different and diverse just within our classroom we are .  "" "
he expected the industry to add at least 3 . 8m units of capacity by the end of the decade . 
a nypd officer used his native cantonese language to save the life of a suicidal chinese man who was threatening to jump off a bridge on monday afternoon . 
"when i went back ,  hours later .  .  .  my mother and sister were gone . "
and i am paying by your work . 
"now let ' s check out the pièce de résistance ,  bitch . "
"by 18 and 19 ,  i was sleeping through the night . "
"china considers africa to be a source of natural and energy resources ,  which are indispensable for the country ' s economic development .  angola is currently the second - biggest supplier of oil to china"
"the 15 u . s .  after - school programs represent a wide variety of settings ,  from the rural to the inner city ,  and from libraries and museums to juvenile detention centers . "
were we the first ones to fail the course ? 
"the paris - based organization for economic development and cooperation  ( oecd )  published a grim assessment thursday of the united states economy ,  saying it was close to recession .  however ,  the oecd suggested european economies will likely fare better this year . "
"i put it on  "" whip ""  ,  because i ' m whipping cream ! "
"i mean ,  there ' s no sophistication to him whatsoever . "
"and we put it on 600 patients with heart failure , "
can anyone tell me what this is and if i should eat it ?  will i die ? 
"for all its richness and all its progress ,  it is not an ideal society . "
the security permissions set on this key define what users or groups can connect to the system for remote registry access . 
anythingyou say may be taken down and used as evidence against you . 
"if you would know the value of money ,  go and try to borrow some ,  for the that goes a - borrowing goes a - sorrowing . "
i guess i ' m not your average .  .  .  what do you call it ? 
but the two firms part company when it comes to pricing . 
the car is inclined to stall when it ' s cold outside . 
silver is often obtained as a byproduct during the separation of lead from rock . 
there´s nothing funnier .  .  .  than the ridiculous faces you people make mid - coitus . 
"awful things will happen in this century ,  i ' m absolutely sure . "
they clinked their glasses together to toast the bride and groom . 
"etp currently operates 17 , 500 miles  ( 28 , 160km )  of the arteries that transport gas and natural - gas liquids such as propane and butane . "
i ' ve put you next to giles benwick . 
jund ansar allah is not the first hardline group allied to global jihad to emerge in the gaza strip . 
i cannot do it in that way .  it is repugnant to me . 
"how you monitor and predict earthquakes ,  how you ' ve made such strides in researching the cause and treatment of cancer . "
"mild ectropion can be treated with hotcompress and massage the correction of severe ectropion is according to different conditions ,  includingorbicular muscle suspension ,  partial resection of tarsus ,  reduction of conjunctical sac and skin grafting . "
"in “obama and china ' s rise” jeffrey bader ,  one of the architects of mr obama ' s china strategy until leaving the white house in 2011 ,  explains in a brisk insider ' s narrative just how tricky it can be to concoct the “nuanced mix” of engagement and containment that mr kupchan advocates . "
i used to go out nearly every night but i decided to cut it out because i couldn ' t really afford it . 
"not long ago ,  many people would have scoffed at the suggestion . "
first of all when it pops up on the screen to
"so first ,  the way in which this woman was treated ,  in as little as 10 years , "
always fiddling with the piano or sticking their heads in a book . 
you might want to get that fixed . 
"i mean ,  it ' s not like you ' re on a career path here . "
"and we fix them up ,  like humpty - dumpty all over again , "
"you gotta learn how to welcome that shit ,  man . "
what did they make of the country as it moved from the messiness of weimar to the madness of hitlerism ? 
i have seen police officers toasting beer with underage children . 
there is another in a teddy new york . 
perhaps can we can ring the police force ? 
if it has to be in the model and it is suppressed consider using the summarizing function on the level above . 
and you owe it to yourself and to posterity to protect the genetic integrity of your sister ' s future offspring . 
"objective to study the clinical characteristics ,  diagnosis and differential diagnosis of myelodysplastic syndrome . "
"to get a sense of what they thought their jobs were like , "
"grab some guests and head outside to gaze at the moon together ,  even if just for a few minutes . "
i beat my record stay with balsan . 
"when death overtook him ,  he had ruled libya for 42 years . "
"norwood ,  get a fuel carout here on the double . "
"you ,  maestro ,  are going to play at the colonade . "
the mountain fell down and the river dried up . 
this is filmmaker costis mitsotakis - the only man in a spanish village who didn ' t win a share of a £600million lottery prize because he forgot to buy a ticket . 
"because the programs only kick in when you’re not actively using your computer ,  you shouldn’t have to worry about performance issues while trying to go about your normal routine . "
"it ' s not a question of if ,  but a question of when . "
managing changes effectively and turning challenges into real opportunities become ever so important . 
the two preceding paragraphs shall apply mutatis mutandis to the services of an enterprise . 
"and it got into the human food supply ,  and somebody should ' ve figured out"
but i ' m here and i ' il give it my best shot . 
gary has put a lot of money in there . 
"a stronger ,  safer ,  more profitable world through uncorruptible top - level management . "
"silver plated tableware and giftware ,  trays ,  keychains ,  trophies ,  wedding favours trophies and souvenir mementoes . "
"the portuguese company is expected to have had turnover of some 170 million euros in 2005 ,  an 8 percent increase year on year . "
that factory played tricks on your mind . 
"in this mechanism ,  generation company obtains the payments which includes two parts ,  the cost compensating item and the information compensating item .  so this mechanism model can guide them to disclose own real cost information and quoting price according to their real marginal costs by shelling out information rent to generation company ,  so as to achieve electric power system optimization dispatch . "
"if you believe that to be true ,  then you should want"
so you ' re allowed to cheat because you ' re gay ? 
"did i say where i went ,  or what i would do ? "
does the species exist on any other planet ? 
"the majority of how people interact with you is due to their own personality ,  strengths ,  and baggage and does not have as much to do with you . "
and i certainly hope that you ' re in a better mood .  .  . 
he said :   ' we have had patients who have reported sending text messages to their friends and family while asleep . 
it was disapproved of by the party . 
conflicting reports suggest that mr .  howard suffered
"whoa ,  is there anyone else on the line ? "
because what you ' ve just heard was a computer playing data  -  - 
"in theater ,  you have the character and the actor in the same place , "
"i leave it as an exercise for you to include additional checks to see if the tablename and fieldnames are left empty by mistake  ( or deliberate )  ,  but that shouldn ' t be a significant issue . "
or microsoft or apple really went green and you caused that to happen ? 
why don ' t you have a drink right now ? 
"harry potter fan site the leaky cauldron says the book has so far sold just 1 , 500 copies ,  and that a second galbraith book is to be published next year . "
my mother had to make some alterations in her new dress . 
"we need work to come in ,  we might as well get it from here . "
"but if a nation is disunited ,  the government cannot be sure that the actions of the people will be in the interests of the nation and it will have to watch ,  check ,  and control the people accordingly . "
"we mobilized our aircraft and we covered the area ,  located the carcasses  . "
whether you ' re going to install a burglar alarm in your home  -  - 
i become aware of a certain agitation in the two bundles of feet wrapped in two discreet steamer rugs and protruding on the end of two chaises longues from the pair of doorways upon the balcony next me . 
"the venetian macao ,  which cost us $ 2 . 4 billion ,  will also include teh world ' s largest casino ,  which will have 871 gaming tables and 3 , 400 slot machines and ,  once finished ,  the las vegas sands corp .  complex in cotai will have a total fo 2 , 900 gaming tables and 16 , 000 slot machines . "
"do you have a ladder ,  or a trampoline ,  or ? "
might be a sort of therapeutic for your little problem . 
"this is a soap disco in spain ,  photographed by david alan harvey . "
it provides identity to the cell .  eg .  antigens on red blood cell in relation to blood group . 
"with respect to dawn horn acting character ,  have the branch of article result gest . "
"mayhew ,  are you trying to kill us ? "
wait till your parents start making you pay rent . 
"i ' d call him a sadistic ,  hippophilic necrophile ,  but that would be beating a dead horse . "
"was to provide them with the most culturally authentic tomato sauce ,  a ; "
"the employees about the place began to get wise to the fact that the president was very ill ,  but they could find out nothing more . "
"to make a memorable picture of teenagers ,  the picture has to speak across generations and be one of those photographs that when you see it ,  you go ,  aha ! "
"for a warlock who values his ability to control more than his damage output ,  17 / 33 / 1is very solid . "
how many of the clothes in your closet do you actually wear ? 
"the rapidly emplaced hydraulic arch barrier ,  made of the same material as the other two devices ,  can be put in place around a plugged breach to keep it sealed and dry once the plug has been removed . "
"what would happen if authors ,  or people with ideas"
and it ' s not a special effects film ;  it has to be a man . 
"don ' t be so arrogant ,  you ' re not so young anymore . "
"but in the u . s .  ,  if black friday is a score card for christmas retail sales ,  in brazil it is more of a means for retailers to fraud eager shoppers ,  happy to participate in an american tradition that is still as foreign to them as the moon .  if brazilians were doing black friday right ,  they ' d have people camping out in front of patio higienopolis thursday night ,  or at least barging through the doors at 00 :  01 on friday at the nearest fnac . "
that did not make sense .  they were not above a magma chamber . 
"that is because european countries ,  which hold over a third of the votes on the imf’s board ,  have rallied around a single contender :  france ' s finance minister ,  christine lagarde . "
"both american and japanese youth are beginning to play ball at younger ages and thus tend to be playing more intensely for more years ,  according to billings . "
"before 2005 ,  republicans spoke ,  on average ,  at a slightly higher grade level than democrats . "
"when security is needed from end to end up through the application stack ,  or when security must be independent of the networking protocol ,  then other means must be considered . "
you answered yes to 16 or more with an overall balance : 
"if you don ' t make the best use of your time ,  you ' ll laze away your life . "
and i think that ' s what makes us so special . 
one of the many surprises awaiting me in china was having lots of chinese friends say that they really didn ' t like these films . 
and that is the iast thing i remember . 
the analysis found that people in the south - east of england were more likely to have experienced ageism . 
"she got a little choked up as the moving trucks pulled away ,  probably sensing what a gigantic mistake she was making with her life . "
"daylight saving came and went all too quickly ,  i for one hope the time is extended ,  families need more daylight hours to enjoy the outdoors further stabilising the family unit . "
"if we were describing a particular time when something went badly wrong ,  we might talk about  "" the incident last summer ""  for example . "
that she didn ' t want this practice to continue anymore in her community . 
the signals go to and fro at a very high but almost constant speed . 
some people say that violent movies are potential triggers for juvenile delinquency . 
"so ,  mars is a pretty big place even though it ' s half the size . "
"ascension was an arid island ,  buffeted by dry trade winds from southern africa . "
the analysis of treatment for 36 patients in department of otorhinolaryngology by millimeter microwave
"5 .  we mothers say to our children ,   "" i want you to be happy .  "" "
"jump on the bandwagon ,  if for no other reason than to improve your bottom line . "
babies whose mothers did not eat anise during pregnancy
"the first one is ,  as i mentioned ,  entrepreneurship was a new idea to me . "
"two bombs exploded nearly simultaneously in a crowded market ,  killing at least six people . "
"did you shout out in anger ,  in fear for your neighbor or did you just sit down and cry ? "
thoughit may not be quite what you imagined . 
"the technique offers powerful tool to decipher the pathophysiology of type 2 diabetes at the molecular level ,  thereby leading to a better fundamental understanding of muscle insulin resistance and providing new therapeutic targets for treatment of this common disease . "
you forgot about morals .  .  .  respect and the rules of society ! 
"no ,  he means the other texas rangers . "
i ' m trying to keep from going crazy most days . 
"there you can see mosquitoes as they fly around ,  being lit up . "
over the past two decades the economy has grown at an average annual rate of 1 . 1 per cent . 
the dynamical equations of roll element bearing -  rotor system with pedestal looseness at one support are derived using the theories of nonlinear dynamics and rotor dynamics . 
"you can ' t ,  preempt yoga that ' s our biggest show"
mrs .  thatcher joined in eloquent attacks on the inefficiency of nationalized industries . 
he said it is just a part - time job and his main online store is a flower delivery service . 
"the answer is simple :  the benefits of eating fast food outweigh the long - term implications for most people .  however ,  once you read these reasons why all those trips to the drive through may be slowly killing you ,  you may just want to stop eating fast food after all . "
"china already became horological production big state ,  total output jumps house world the 3 rd . "
"when that ' s all spread out ,  it becomes an iconic image . "
i ' ve got that stuff up on youtube if you want to look at it . 
"dns  ( domain name server )  introduced to the internet ,  with then consisted of about1000 hosts . "
"and even if you don ' t ,  it ' s dead . "
"the trouble with you is ,  it wasn ' t your  $ 79 . "
a perverse heart shall depart from me ;  i will know no evil . 
"because ,  you know ,  there ' s enough frustrating and depressing things going on . "
"but the financial time newspaper ,  citing a source close to the operation ,  said that telefonica was increasingly confident about acquiring control of vivo ,  regardless of the result of the takeover bid . "
the town was reduced to ashes in the fighting . 
has led to the things that i ' m working on now . 
"after the meal they felt rusty ,  and stiff  -  jointed ,  and a little homesick once more . "
"as to how singles plan to spend their special day ,  an ongoing survey by weibo . com showed that 53 percent of the 8 , 392 single participants plan to celebrate the day with other singles ,  while 25 percent dream of finding an ideal mate to end their single days . "
"well ,  colonel ,  i think your position is commendable . "
he was in a bad frame of mind this morning . 
"britain announced wednesday a huge ,  comprehensive government plan that will pump nearly  $ 90 billion of taxypayers '  money into the british banking system to shore it up . "
"if you feel up to it ,  we can walk into town after lunch . "
"there was no view anywhere ,  nothing but the oppressive and silent scrub . "
"russia ,  holland ,  and britain followed in the wake of america . "
he ' s really trying to get up there with brandenburg and bly . 
"and the proverb let sleeping dogs lie meaning don ' t cause trouble when it can be avoided ,  came into english form the french in the 14th century . "
"so he started giving me four days a week of his lunch break , "
the true arrogance is imagining that you are the final arbiter of the democratic process . 
and so god put both of these possibilities into the world . 
"as a street culture from black americans ' district ,  hip  -  hop is prevalent among the youngsters . "
"you just have to open that door ,  and the monster would disappear . "
natural resources minister manuel deus lima said saturday after a meeting of the sao tome - abuja joint ministerial council for oil exploration that the request to nigeria had been made due to his country ' s pledges to the international monetary fund and world bank aimed to get relief of the islands ' estimated foreign debts of over us $  300 million . 
"a clear image ,  even in the middle of the day . "
"i see drums ,  i see a drummer . "
we don ' t even know the rules yet . 
it ' s like i don ' t even tryand it just happens . 
"listen ,  i wonder if you could help me please . "
so the point of all this for us today
they probably knew more about chinese geography than any other army . 
we must go to the booking office and change to the next ship . 
"as was the tail of man when he came from the ape .  "" "
"he also invented the skyhook ,  an air rescue system that involved an airplane and a large helium balloon . "
"but despite his riches ,  mcduck still trails microsoft founder bill gates '   $ 53 billion . "
between 2007 and 2009 net lending – the gap between income and expenditure – of the uk private sector jumped by a massive 9 . 8 per cent of gross domestic product . 
"while reporting such incidents , the new media should tackle well the relationship between its subjectivity and its role as the government ' s mouthpiece , the correct guidance of the public opinion and the news value . "
according to the china maritime search and rescue center . 
i thought i ' d give you a hand in my spare time . 
"three pd mamdani fuzzy controllers are respectively constructed to track and control the angles of attack , side and bank of the crv .  each controller uses an angle of tracking error and its derivative to control these angles . "
"elektra king :  you can ' t kill me ,  you would miss me too much . "
"we stopped tilling ,  so that we could prevent greenhouse gasses from going into the air . "
"other hem and haw ,  yuzhi have not asked ,  and still happy . "
"du xin ,  whosenicknameis gunther after the ‘friends '  character who runs central perk ,  told national public radio :  ‘i ' m crazy about friends . "
mass genocide is the most exhausting activity one can engage in .  .  .  next to soccer . 
i see you ' re all up on the history of hurdy - gurdy  -  - 
so much more proper than american slime . 
nearly anybody can learn nearly anything they need to know . 
"so since i ' m kind of addicted ,  i ' ve devised a cooling epsom salt bath that is the perfect antidote to a hot ,  stressy summer day . "
it is a description of the changes in one enzyme
"inside the arctic circle ,  during the last ice age  -  - "
"how the devil did you get out here ,  fella ? "
"new additions like the science and engineering quad manage to gracefully blend modern and technological elements with the timeless ,  elegant aesthetics of the campus '  early california mission revival architecture . "
what you ' ve been doing in agriculture is you start
"to me ,  this piece is an ode to the voice"
pull its tail up ;  take a look in there . 
"it ' s a sense of knowability ,  that something is knowable . "
"jen :  helen ,  just before we get started – did you get the chance to go to the farmers '  market for me ? "
"oh - ho ,  david ,  suddenly there ' s no hotels in la ? "
this follows a bus driver getting lost on one of the two roads in the olympic park last week . 
the macau government recently announced that the number of tourists in 2007 should reach between 24 and 25 million . 
sometimes she would face emotional breakdowns and moments of panic . 
doubtless the first answer to occur to mind is because savages are savages ;  being of low - grade intelligence and perhaps defective moral sense . 
we didn ' t find anything today because of you ! 
"on the summit sidelines ,  america ' s top diplomat for africa jendayi frazier described robert mugabe ' s claim to a sixth term as zimbabwe ' s president  "" an open expression of tyranny .  ""  she said the world would be watching to see how africa ' s leaders would respond . "
all the other surgeons are working on other patients . 
"and the last ,  which i think is probably the most important , "
the bra is too big if the material wrinkles or bunches . 
"and i ' ll say ,   "" hmm ,  not sure .  ""  i ' ll think about it roughly . "
"no other country ,  not even america ,  comes close to matching britain’s trade balance in finance . "
break this little bubble we ' ve formed between us . 
retirement and even a hermit ' s life were the ideal . 
"beijing ,  china ,  03 feb–china consumed 318 million tons of oil in 2005 ,  1 . 08 million tons less than in 2004 ,  china ' s national commission for development and reform said thursday . "
"if the landing is captured ,  everything ' s lost ! "
"indeed ,  most great cities of the united states achieved such status only by incorporating the communities along their borders . "
"luanda ,  angola ,  24 jan–construction of the chicapa hydroelectric dam ,  in the angolan province of lunda sul ,  is scheduled to begin in march ,  according to the angolan ministry of energy and water . "
a bbc correspondent inside the building says masked men have barricaded themselves in and are promising to resist any attempt to remove them . 
"and the southwest ,  where they win by landslides . "
"fifteen stopped them in flight ,  defended myself ,  etcetera . "
"remember ,  he used to pee a  "" v ""  on everybody ' s jacket for vecchio ,  for victory . "
what in the hell are you thinking ? 
"while experimenting with various gases during his anesthesia research ,  wells became addicted to chloroform . "
"this year rowanwilliams ,  the archbishop of canterbury ,  delivered the closing homily ,  urging theaudience to “live responsibly in the present ” . "
"previous mindset media surveys found that people who pay their credit card bills off each month were more likely to be "" highly deliberate ,  ""  thinking through their actions ,  but also less modest than others ,  likely to brag about their habits . "
"early enthusiasm among access providers ,  such as earthlink and even google ,  has faded . "
"i had decided to try for a job in radio ,  then work my way up to sports announcer . "
i will arrange for the empress became chief martial arts
"but ,  the fact is ,  the american people are focused on our economy ,  and they are asking the question :  where are the jobs ?  "" "
who are the cast of characters ?  what ' s the costume ? 
"if you wanted to mix up who you were seeing on twitter , "
"yeah ,  well ,  you fancying your gora coach is ok with me . "
rebel fighters in syria say they ' ve shot down a government fighter plane near the border with iraq . 
"funny calendars with popular cartoon characters .  calendars of famous people ,  like elvis presley or marilyn monroe . "
"jesus christ ,  you really do believe all this stuff . "
he tries not to let  ( his )  business interfere with his home life . 
there ' s not a person in this room that doesn ' t give their laptop or cell phone to a kid
"and i ' m going to do so in the words of the late douglas adams , "
"i ' ve always loved the weather ,  and i ' m glad to be part of it . "
"in 2007 ,  brazilian tobacco was exported to over 100 countries .  the far east was the second biggest importer ,  responsible for 16 percent of purchases . "
"we ' re at a time in the year where everyones energy levels are up and we ' re all excited at a fresh start to the new year ,  so i think that taking a second to document creativity killers that might creep up on us as the months go by is a wise thing to do .  the biggest thing to understand about creativity killers is that they come in many forms  ( at least ten which are listed here )  and they can sneak up on you before you know it . "
"six in 10 employers say they plan to impose penalties in the next few years on employees who don ' t take action to improve their health ,  according to a recent study of 800 mid - to large - size firms by human - resources consultancy aon hewitt .  a separate study by the national business group on health and towers watson found that the share of employers who plan to impose penalties is likely to double to 36 %  in 2014 . "
"when daniel post senning ,  the great great grandson of emily post ,  a well - known etiquette writer in the us ,  was working on the 18th edition of emily post’s etiquette ,  he found it impossible to cover technology in a single chapter . "
getting in touch electronically is one of the easiest ways to catch up . 
"feed ,  boss ,  win point more ,  win to order much"
"there ' s a crippled guy who found a way to reach out to a world he feels isolated from ,  and you somehow found a way to take issue with him . "
"so the wax doesn ' t drip onto the table .  ""  now what would you do ? "
please mill completely with basic slag after add this agent . 
we are sorry not able to give you a definite reply in respect of the above matter . 
"working with larry lessig ,  it will be ,  somewhere in that process , "
she went on her knees and offered her prayers to god . 
the museum where visitors begin their tour is decorated with christmas trees . 
"and said ,   "" if you want to do this ,  call me .  "" "
he gave them rapid  -  fire orders with hand signals :  move in and kill . 
"mr stoltenberg is popular in norway ,  but opinion polls suggest he is lagging behind the opposition ahead of the election . "
"that ' s fate ,  kismet ,  and we ' re back in the world of fantasy . "
he wouldn ' thave missed it for the world . 
it is commonplace to describe the current century as asia’s . 
he failed to put across his feelings when they went out together . 
the sharp eye will catch the occasional credit to gospel bassist maurice fitzgerald and rising vocalist jesse campbell . 
allen said this race could well decide the balance of power in the senate . 
at this tender age of just five and seven  -  - 
"a number of delegations welcomed the contents of the programme narrative relating to regional integration and emphasized the importance of strengthening subregional institutions ,  taking into account the recent developments in that field ,  mainly the entry into force of the treaty establishing the african economic community ,  which was expected shortly .  "" "
we got some pretty ladies in here . 
it ' s a more or less a normal reaction to company  -  specific news . 
"we got an inside look at the gang ,  from the very bottom up to the very top . "
"if we get caught ,  we ' il be making snow cones in siberia for the next 20 years . "
so there has been a project which rescues the dead sea
these contradictory versions arise because rulers and clocks —the things that mark time and space — are not the same for different observers . 
he took one sip of the wine and spat it out . 
i don ' t even know if i ' ve met you before . 
"when i visited the city in the fall ,  it was clear that it is still crackling with energy .  but now it ' s possible to get a previously unthinkable last - minute reservation at one of the city ' s many world - class restaurants or a room in hotels usually booked solid .  a saturday night dinner at kagurazaka ishikawa ,  a pricey but discreet restaurant with three michelin stars and an artful tasting menu ?  no problem .  and lodging options for all budgets have gotten easier .  chances are you can find a room at the elegant park hyatt tokyo ,  a luxurious high - rise ,  or at the tokyo ryokan ,  a family - run hotel with just three simple bedrooms that often are reserved well in advance .  oliver strand"
"and i asked him ,  i said ,   "" for a place that seems so natural , "
hope you ' re ready to bone some zeeb . 
they raised a great hue and cry against the new rule . 
so that static universe in the middle has time as a coordinate but there’s no arrow of time . 
"if you die ,  your son will be like us . "
"the prepare experiment tested the effectiveness of  "" attention allocation test  ( aat )   ""  . "
"his toilet lid is wrapped in aqua chiffon with a purple feather boa border and the room is decorated with flower petals and a picture of pierre ' s girlfriend ,  gigi . "
effectively poisoned the water supply of london much more effectively
"but he says there is no dispute about low - density lipoprotein ,  or ldl .  ldl ,  the so - called bad cholesterol ,  causes a buildup of fatty substances inside arteries and increases the risk of heart attack . "
and the actual goal of the institution goes to two through n . 
"now ,  three hours later ,  he was almost finished when suddenly ,  he heard a loud creak . "
we ' re not here to solve the case of the missing scumbag . 
and it allows us to organize the entire dewey decimal system on one continuous run : 
"this will cut fuel consumption ,  reduce wear and tear ,  and make life for the crew safer and more comfortable . "
" *  parenthood does appear linked to lower productivity while the children are 12 and younger :  mothers average a 17 . 4 %  loss ,  while fathers average a 5 %  loss .  a female economist with three children ,  on average ,  loses the equivalent of four years of research output by the time her kids become teenagers . "
hbo announced last week that boardwalk empire will be coming to a close after season 5 airs this year . 
and that ' s part of the benefits to a sponsor . 
it ' s every appearance belicoff has made within the last 12 months . 
they ' il see you as sick or insane and go after the more viking - like teens instead . 
"i ' m not smoking that shit alone ,  okay ? "
"not only that ,  they kindled within me a love of mathematics and problem  -  solving that stays with mw to this day . "
mr abdallah ' s resignation follows protests from members of the judiciary who said president mursi ' s decision to sack the former public prosecutor was an assault on the independence of the judiciary . 
"he didn ' t have the right to live .   "" "
"they discuss relations between symbol and referent ,  the meaning of words and sentences and they lay stress on abstracting and utilizing methods of semantic explanations . "
can you hire the teenager down the street to clean out the garage ? 
the underlying rules of the system so that a different shape would start appearing . 
i need you to talk to my sergeant . 
i was extremely disappointed in the performance of the nanjing government . 
and it is not just the rain that makes these creatures seem so helpless .  the relentless destruction of their tropical - forest habitat has endangered their entire species . 
where is there most interest in actually doing something with this ? 
people were leaving to go back to the land . 
"yet ,  i knew i couldn ' t let this golden opportunity slip away ,  so i reluctantly showed up for the interview . "
"chrissy ,  we talked about colt ' s reputation in the past .  .  .  as a choker when it comes to big points . "
"making difficult decisions .  .  .  based on incomplete information .  .  .  from my limited decoding ability .  .  .  is your job ,  sir . "
"to test his ideas he had to go from britain to switzerland ,  for only there could he find a flower of the correct shape to conduct the study . "
"i do ,  because at least there you stood a chance .  you know ? "
really since the first time you saw me  -  -  some of you saw me at ted
"but as people get more conservative ,  the values rise . "
"well ,  your presence alone ,  your scent ,  will distract the newborns . "
you have to use them at greenpay phones
"murray has now won three titles in as many weeks on the asian swing of the atp world tour  -  his best winningstreak -  after his victories in bangkok ,  thailand ;  and tokyo ,  japan . "
"and you know ,  tom ,  for most of his life he was pretty much the embodiment"
the first was avoiding the little sins that we all commit every day . 
he walked on and the next thing he saw was a brazen - faced woman coming out of a shop as if she could do exactly as she pleased . 
please join us in congratulating mitchell for this award ! 
"michael licosati ,  a founder of alder capital ,  bought shares in rino . "
occupy this island in the usa ' s name . 
these reefs that we dive on start out near the surface
so the heat input should be kept low to weld galvanization steel sheet . 
"although the supreme court ' s decision on monday struck down three key parts of the law ,  the high court noted that its decision to uphold the so - called  "" show me your papers '  '  provision will likely lead to more legal challenges as it is implemented . "
best actor :  very few world leaders can also claim their own daily television shows  -  -  and surprisingly humorous ones at that . 
i very much relate to this idea of god . 
"a couple of struts ,  like this ,  some exterior cladding material"
"also ,  there is a problem in disposing of the radioactive wastes in a way that will not endanger the environment . "
"her punishment accumulated ;  she continued to bear it ,  however ,  with a good deal of superficial fortitude . "
"may prove as lordly and complete a thing / in lifting upward ,  as in crushing low ! "
some husbands still think it beneath their dignity to do the shopping . 
first results are not expected for a few days . 
i myself am one of the bioroids . 
tsao has lived in china for the past 13 years . 
you think i don ' t know it ' s a problem ? 
"no ,  no i don’t think we have my name’s miss smith and i work in accounts . "
and the wheel has to touch every piece of the ground in between . 
i mean you probably saw these headlines .  this is catherine casey
the blackberry sports a great game simply called chuck norris :  bring on the pain . 
"well ,  yeah ,  but ,  i mean ,  not right now . "
but obama says her vote in the senate to authorize the war in iraq shows her lack of good judgment and he also questions the basis of her claim to experience . 
targeting at cruise missile and basing on the target equivalent model establish the attack model of performed fragment warheads to the target and confirm the action parameter .  using the ls - dyna software simulate and analyze the damage effect of the fragment to the target in some different fuze - warhead coordination conditions . 
"what i ' ve found ,  across the board ,  is that religion is about behaving differently . "
"ln that event ,  the probabilities are that our mission would fail . "
"the inhumanity which this trail has been witness to , "
"in congressional testimony this week ,  the top u . s .  military and civilian officials in iraq reported what they called  "" real ""  but  "" fragile ""  progress ,  and urged caution in any discussion of further u . s .  troop withdrawals ,  beyond the end of the surge in july . "
"showed you a good time ,  didn´t l ? "
"the paper argues that as much as two - thirds of the gains from trade are eliminated due to the losses associated with these redistributions ,  and that this amounts to a serious problem . "
"why don ' t we share one of those golden - crust ,  cheese - filled specials . "
"we ' re chipping away at a very dominant competitor where market share means a lot ,  said peter higgins ,  a microsoft product manager in charge of excel . "
it seems he came to see netherfield on monday and was so delighted with it that he arranged to rent it at once . 
"and i can ' t feel my hands after five minutes , "
"while experts agree that beer may be beneficial for some people when consumed in moderation ,  guzzling too much beer - or alcohol  -  can result in weight gain ,  dehydration and a plethora of other physical and social hazards . "
"show the kids the fireworks ,  they can keep watch . "
"he threw away my letter ,  thinking it was just more election bumf . "
"the movie top of the list of calorie - burners was found to be the 1980 psychological thriller the shining ,  with the average viewer using up a whopping 184 calories . "
"so in lieu of taking advice from a forest rodent , "
"since the industrial revolution ,  mankind has created more material wealth than in several thousand years before it .  but we also face major challenges such as population explosion ,  imbalances in development ,  resources depletion and environmental degradation .  the un conference on environment and development held here 20 years ago ushered in a new era of sustainable development for mankind .  we are heartened to see that in the past 20 years ,  the concept of sustainable development has been widely accepted ,  and major progress has been made in meeting the millennium development goals .  on the other hand ,  the global process of sustainable development is not balanced .  the gap between the north and the south is widening .  resources and environment related issues remain acute .  sustainable development faces new and grave challenges posed by the international financial crisis ,  climate change ,  energy and food security and local conflicts .  in the world today ,  with no new continent or oasis to be discovered ,  preserving resources and the environment to achieve sustainable development is the only choice we have .  looking ahead ,  what we should have is a green and prosperous world .  in this world ,  there is no poverty or ignorance ,  no discrimination or oppression ,  and no excessive exploitation and human destruction of the nature .  in this world ,  there is a right balance among economic development ,  social equity and sound environment .  in this world ,  the progress of modern civilization benefits all the people and their posterity .  such a world should be the ultimate goal we should pursue as we work together to advance the global process of sustainable development . "
it ' s a powerful way of solving intractable problems using natural selection . 
"benefits of bilingualism can begin in utero ,  janet werker ,  a psychologist at the university of british columbia ,  canada ,  told the news briefing . "
"rb :  well ,  i hope it ' s net actually ,  having  -  - "
"cheap meaning sort of the cost of the military ,  not the cost of medical care . "
and how it takes control of its own destiny . 
"you know ,  like an old married couple . "
"what if we could reach in with both hands and grasp information physically , "
"take the people of earth and transition off ,  permanently .  and that ' s exciting . "
"drag onto the page to add a conifer tree ,  such as pine ,  fir ,  spruce ,  redwood ,  or cypress . "
graduate students have used a 3d printer to make a limb for a six - year - old boy born without a right arm . 
"lisbon ,  portugal ,  28 march–the turnover of portuguese construction company soares da costa in angola totaled 137 million euros last year and should account for almost half of overall turnover this year ,  the company ' s chairman said monday . "
"henry ,  there ' s something you ' re not teiling us . "
"it became clear to us that we were witnessing the aftermath of a massacre ,  the cold - blooded butchery of helpless and defenceless civilians . "
"9 .  q :  what would you do if you really wanted to hire a woman under you ,  and you knew the perfect candidate ,  but your boss really wanted to hire a man for the job ? "
"there ' s only us ,  the wind and the dogs"
"i ' ve thought about her every day since we parted ,  and .  .  .  she ' s forgotten me completely . "
"the only thing it really tracks by itself is activity , "
"the moderator praises the artists ,  because ,  following the teachings of mao ,  they put art to the service of workers ,  peasants and soldiers . "
 ' 70s .   ' 80s .   ' 90s .  we have to stop this .  and the good news is that we can . 
it is often cheaper and quicker to pay up . 
"he hated to think of his own life stretching ahead of him that way ,  a long succession of days and nights that were fine - not good ,  not bad ,  not great ,  not lousy ,  not exciting ,  not anything . "
all of these factors contribute significantly towards increases in our brainpower . 
what she meant was -  -  man is a woman career . 
how does athena persuade the furies to submit their case to this newly  -  created tribunal of justice ? 
the ishoe is another example of a sensor that
"a supercomputer to learn whether you should have a second child , "
what will you do if you win a lot of money ? 
each one of these kids was attacked by these men . 
"the transformation of the airbase into a civilian airport will include recuperation of existing facilities and construction of new civilian facilities ,  in order to meet the standards of an international airport in term of quality and comfort ,  according to national and international civil aviation standards . "
"liquor and cigarettes for the guests come in at 20 , 000 yuan ,  as do the wedding rings for both the bride and the groom .  the next biggest item is the bride ' s dress at 13 , 000 yuan . "
how does he do the things in his act ? 
the production status of the solvent refining with n  -  methyl  -  pyrrolidone  ( nmp )  assolvent is summarized . 
"in an idealized situation ,  where the threads contained all the primary colors in equal amounts ,  and were not obscured by dirt and other residues ,  the lint would appear to be white ,  not gray . "
"like i said ,  i ' m good with calculation . "
"these kinds of thoughts show who you are as a person ,  and go a long way toward giving the hiring manager an idea about how you might fit in the company ' s culture and values . "
"if you ' re not quite sure where you ' re going ,  you ' re certainly not going to get there"
"one thing ,  however ,  is certain :  you should schedule a minimum of one hour of study for each classroom hour . "
this is what you do for a living . 
"in fact ,  my colleague ,  june cohen ,  has taken to calling it  "" radical openness ,  "" "
do not forget to keep the subject within the parallax correction mark . 
"for what it is worth ,  i overheard them planning a robbery . "
"reservoir exist strong formation damage of water sensitivity ,  salt sensitivity and alkali sensitivity and so on . "
what happens in a robot ' s brain when it ceases to be useful ? 
points so donated are augmented by an equal number from the masters of the game . 
" "" i view the olympics as an opportunity for me to cheer on our athletes ,  ""  said mr .  bush .   "" it ' s an athletic event .  "" "
"ferreira also said that“app is one of the companies with highest growth in the world .  by 2010 it will add 3 . 5 million tons of paper ,  with the opening of several production lines . ”"
i can ' t see the relevance of his comment to the debate . 
" ( 6 ) in india ,  worry that rupee will be lapped by yuan"
i wish i could be strong enough to protect those i care for . 
"when i first came out to the gulf ,  i came to kuwait"
"these results show that the linear free energy relationships exist nicely between the following parameter pairs :  logβ _  ( 102 )  and pk _ 2 ~ b ,  logβ _  ( 111 ) and pk _ 2 ~ b and logβ _  ( 111 )  and log β _  ( 102 )  ,  the factors contributing to the stability of binary and . "
"what made me do it ?  at school ,  i will admit this : "
an open - air stadium with an oval course for horse and chariot races in ancient greece and rome . 
by this time it was less easy to discern a single cubist school . 
and in fact someone from greenpeace came back on the site
"so what you got for me ,  sport ? "
actor cruel is experiencing this kind of trustful crisis dejectedly . 
"but if some keen researcher out there has an idea about how to do it ,  “information management :  a proposal ” might be an equally apposite title for his first draft . "
"the blogosphere speculated over the holidays ,  and now piper jaffray analyst gene munster has come right out and said as much ,  stating in a report out earlier this week that the company will eventually come out with a  "" wearable computer ""  next year or later . "
"faust ,  why are you suddenly being so open with this information ? "
"and abbreviated it to meme ,  just because it sounds good"
i just did what you told me ! 
"conversate actually doesn ' t exist and i ' ll prove it to you .  go into a program that underlines words with red if they ' re spelled wrong .  now type out conversate .  did you see the red line ?  conversate was meant to be a mixture of conversation and converse and be used as a verb .  however ,  converse is a verb and there really isn ' t a need for a second verb to describe the same action . "
"hey ,  look ,  if you want to cuff me ,  block off all the exits ,  take it out and give it a tap ,  if it makes you happy . "
" "" it is flattering to be called china ' s oprah ,  which means people say ' you are really good '  ,  ""  she says . "
"we ,  the people ,  still believe that every citizen deserves a basic measure of security and dignity .  we must make the hard choices to reduce the cost of health care and the size of our deficit .  but we reject the belief that america must choose between caring for the generation that built this country and investing in the generation that will build its future .  for we remember the lessons of our past ,  when twilight years were spent in poverty ,  and parents of a child with a disability had nowhere to turn .  we do not believe that in this country ,  freedom is reserved for the lucky ,  or happiness for the few .  we recognize that no matter how responsibly we live our lives ,  any one of us ,  at any time ,  may face a job loss ,  or a sudden illness ,  or a home swept away in a terrible storm .  the commitments we make to each other – through medicare ,  and medicaid ,  and social security – these things do not sap our initiative ;  they strengthen us .  they do not make us a nation of takers ;  they free us to take the risks that make this country great . "
conclusions nf  -  κ b may minimally affect the progression and invasion of coc . 
"if you have a comparable production server in place ,  measuring its actual load patterns over a period of time can go a long way towards getting accurate concurrency rates and is highly recommended . "
"whether or not you take valentine ' s day seriously ,  chances are your girlfriend does . "
"in that regard ,  boozer ' s eventual return — millsap ' s highly regarded fill - in work notwithstanding — is much  -  anticipated by the jazz . "
"from the sound of that siren ,  the police car was right on our tail . "
the device will make waiting hours for a phone to charge a thing of the past and the gizmo packs more energy into a smaller space than traditional phone batteries and holds the charge for longer . 
morning fog blankets a tree  -  lined bog somewhere in the arctic boreal forest . 
i hate conversations where people try to score off each other . 
"and just last month ,  we set another first :  the first national standards for mercury ,  arsenic and other air pollution from our nation ' s power plants . "
it also explained how to use it to authenticate for different types of communication . 
the order is so urgently required that we must ask you to make the earliest possible shipment . 
don ' t lay your hands on that book .  that ' s john ' s precious . 
"a world population growing in number and wealth will require one billion tons more grain each year ,  and two hundred million tons more meat . "
" ' the concern is that china will repeat japan ' s story in the 1990s ,  '  says jp morgan economist haibin zhu .   ' financial risks continue .  debt keeps getting rolled over .  that creates zombie banks and zombie corporations .  eventually that causes the gdp to weaken .  ' "
"and while kate is the darling of the wedding moment ,  kerr adds that kate ' s cheeky brother  - in - law -  to  -  be may steal some of that spotlight . "
one of my personal favorites is taking a solitary walk . 
to experience other people ' s joys and sorrows by playing their lives fascinates me . 
"it ' s easy to reach amsterdam by train from almost anywhere in northern europe ,  which has some of the most sophisticated rail links in the world . "
"a huge scandal erupted ,  since it appeared that the leak was motivated by the fact that plame ' s husband ,  former diplomat joe wilson ,  had challenged the bush doctrine over whether iraq had weapons of mass destruction . "
come from the smallest farmers who would have no opportunity . 
to become prime minister again abe will have to fend off four other ldp contenders and then help the party capture enough seats in the parliamentary election to form a government . 
fittings can also processed into the combination models of socket and threading . 
"now ,  it ' s much more efficient if you can get insects to do your bidding . "
"meanwhile ,  the cost of college has increased 16 . 5 %  in 2012 dollars since 2006 ,  according to the bureau of labor statistics '  higher education tuition - fee index .  aggressive tuition discounting from universities has mitigated the hike ,  but not enough to offset the clear inflation - adjusted increase .  even worse ,  the lousy economy has caused household income levels to fall ,  limiting a family ' s ability to finance a degree . "
"we live in a world filled with destructive technology , "
we also design and realize the differential inducting electrodes to counteract t he common -  mode noise . 
"although angola ' s main reserves are offshore ,  which require greater development investments ,  the fact that security is greater makes for significantly lower operational costs . "
it has spawned dozens of local extremist groups attacking pakistan itself . 
these mechanisms rest on complete and detailed treatments of the burning process . 
i do a story in english and am soft ! 
" "" i have been on the board for eight months ,  but i really need to get in there and meet its people ,  ""  whitman has said . "
"his eyes are going back and forth up to me ,  to see what i ' m looking at  -  - "
"he could have an embolism ,  tachycardia ,  stroke . "
"what this text introspect is not the anti automation ,  but the bane that  "" only the technique theory ""  learns rese .  .  . "
i can ' t help feeling he ' s playing some deep game of his own . 
"dwight ,  you gotta get us in that car right now . "
his phone shows a call from ling
"she also has been able to talk to her sister in thailand ,  and she plans to use the device to teach a public speaking class . "
the wise men were willing to go to any length to find the truth . 
"uh ,  now that we ' re here ,  i ' m feeling a little nervous . "
a lot of our friends thought we were absolutely stupid to do that
this thing doesn ' t have a blind spot ! 
activists say government efforts have stamped out blatant labor abuses at many large factories . 
"everyone is on the honor roll because in order to be in the honor roll ,  all you really need to do is to maintain a body temperature somewhere roughly in the 90 ' s . "
many women chose to be a housewife after marriage . 
never wake up before you on a sunday morning . 
it will still spread around thousands and thousands of other blogs . 
"oh ,  i could give you a massage . "
streets ain ' t gonna be ready for us this year . 
might be difficult to get it back . 
for they persecute those you wound and talk about the pain of those you hurt . 
it might not have been the spirit of christmas but it was pure hollywood spectacle . 
"david dowdy :   "" what these tests do is they measure antibodies in the blood against tb so anytime anyone has been infected with tb at any time in their life ,  they will develop antibodies . "
your price has gone up so rapidly that it would be impossible for us to push any sales at such a price . 
what do you know about our major products and our share of the market ? 
kidd was not a clever man but he was sensible enough to know that if he needed to negotiate with bellomont then his treasure would be a valuable bargaining counter . 
"to tell this theory ,  apart from the inflationary explanation that i told you before . "
i believe i see what the week is for :  it is to give time to rest up from the weariness of sunday . 
a mighty warrior of qin has smashed them
within which we then have a safe operating space for humanity ? 
you ’d better shape up if you want to stay on . 
"but then ,  you don ' t go to good places to buy bad things"
"mr .  jang was quietly ousted from power not once ,  but two times under the former north korean leader . "
"paul ,  i ' m gonna give you some tests to assess your mental condition ,  okay ? "
"he ' s dominating proceedings ,  hoping perhaps to get a bit more support as he gathers the ball on this right - hand touchline time after time . "
what percentage of the earth is covered by oceans ? 
"laboratory glassware and equipment ,  chemical supplies ,  oil and gas chemicals ,  lab wares ,  test accesories ,  equipments ,  machineries . "
"and if the great athos offers ,  the great d ' artagnan must drink , "
"even if they have an alert call system ,  because they don ' t want to bother anybody , "
"that the boar would use his snout ,  lacking hands .  okay . "
"search over 35 , 000 unit pages ,  find reunions and correspond with old friends . "
you know what us parsons are like . 
"by considering the succession ofpractical products and emphasizing to make full use of the data of the previous sample tests ,  we deduce thescatter factor of fatigue life s based on the idea of hypothesis test and discuss the influence of some pa - rameters in this paper . "
"next ,  learn to sew or find a dry cleaner who can . repairs go without saying ,  and a little alteration can upgrade an item ' s fashion rating no end . "
"fan po  -  wen blinked in surprise ,  and lin pei  -  shan tittered . "
everybody in the village likes jack because he is good at telling and making up jokes . 
"and they merit to be recognized in the same way , "
radio should enlighten the listener as well as entertain him . 
"gue is a serene ,  intelligent man  -  the kind others come to for advice . "
"i ' m just gonna go upstairs .  .  .  and lie down and read my book ,  okay ? "
grape finds her injured father  -  in  - law in the desolate apothecary now sealed by the new authorities . 
out biggest win has come from using the maybe concept for safe  -  composing multi -  stage computations that can fail or bump into a nil along the way . 
"borisov ,  vanka borisov ,  the european crew championship ,  munich . "
accounting for managers explains how accounting information is used by non  -  financial managers . 
"their study found that the average male tells 1 , 092 lies every year - roughly three a day . "
"if you drive me up to edinburgh ,  we ' ll go halves on the petrol . "
i believe a misunderstanding may have occurred when i asked you to meet my mother . 
"this credit lien was then extended with us $ 500 million in july 2007 ,  via a credit line for complementary projects ,  and a further us $ 2 billion in september of the same year . "
but there’s one thing he often lacks courage to ask :  his own salary . 
max just never seemed the same after the tragedy . 
and their boss and their job and their car and their kids . 
and get these patients back in their beds . 
i mean leaving without fi nishing this here . 
"guys ,  come on ,  come on ,  cut it out . "
"this time ,  melissa leo’s use of the f - word during her acceptance speech was the first in oscar history .  she said it before covering her mouth :  “i really don’t mean to offend . ”"
a correction on the presence of sucrose has been made using ofner method as reference and the correction of this method under the conditions mentioned above has been calculated . 
and we ' ve got that whole dataset .  and we didn ' t even have  -  - 
give a sigh of relief .  .  .  and never deny yourself pleasure . 
"david wan ,  25 ,  said he had put  $ 40 , 000 down on a two - bedroom apartment just a week before wharf cut the price . "
"rice spoke in riyadh ,  where president bush has spent the last two days in talks with saudi leaders .  the secretary of state told reporters that lebanon was one of the issues discussed ,  particularly the arab plan for resolving the dispute over the election of a new president .   "" american policy has much in common with what is in the arab initiative ,  most especially that the lebanese people should be encouraged to and then be permitted to elect their president .  they have a consensus candidate .  it should be a matter of going to the parliament and electing a president ,  ""  she said . "
"it ' s like the leaky faucet in the bathroom .  you may only see a single drip every few seconds and it ' s hard to imagine those add up to much ,  but a single leaky faucet can waste over 1 ,  000 gallons of water a year !  the same thing goes for your money .  a dollar here ,  five dollars there ,  and you hardly notice it on a weekly basis .  but over a year and beyond you ' re literally wasting thousands of dollars .  think about what it could mean if you were saving a few extra thousand dollars a year instead .  it could mean an early retirement . "
the way of life is wonderful :  it is by abandonment . 
i ' ve got my eyes all over you you ' re tricky
"treatments with solar heating , yuanmei medicament and methyl bromide reduced the population of actinomycetes by 85 . 9 %  , 84 . 0 %  and 71 . 1 %  , respectively , whereas the numbers of bacteria were two or three times more than that of control in the heavy seed period . "
i knew i could do better even though i have never before made anything of the sort . 
"do not expect to suddenly  "" snap out of ""  your depression . "
"we don ' t have to move to the projects if we don ' t want ,  we can stay right here . "
" ' it wasn ' t a failure ,  because the reset was premised on two things :  first ,  that there were areas where out of mutual self - interest it made sense to cooperate with russia ,  '  said tony blinken ,  mr .  obama ' s deputy national security adviser ,  in an interview .   ' but ,  second ,  there would be areas where we would not cooperate because our differences were too stark ,  like the issue of spheres of influence ,  which we reject .  ' "
we believe we ' re getting very close to something practical and affordable . 
"number one swung lourdily her midwife ' s bag ,  the other ' s gamp poked in the beach . "
i should dearly love to embrace my former friends at this moment . 
"film srength ability of a film of lubricants to resist rupture rupture due to load  , speed and temperature . "
she has been the playmate of every boy on the football team . 
we now understand that those microbes have more impact on our climate
how are we gonna get out of here ? 
"scott ,  i seem to have wet my pants . "
what then is needed to get the alchemy going ? 
"neil trotter ,  41 ,  from coulsdon in south london ,  said he had told staff at his father’s office on the day of the euromillions draw on friday that he was feeling lucky . "
and i ' d like to believe that the privilege fired within me
"nina dobriev of the vampire diaries ,  which nabbed three awards of its own ,  looked ethereal and elegant in strapless dress bedecked with sequins and crystals . "
do you know that every single flower you see here .  .  .  was planted by madame ranjuan herself ? 
something or a group of things that are or may be picked . 
mark ratner is definitely somebody you ' d have to make the first move with . 
"or if you are a teacher ,  you ' ll love unesco ,  and so on . "
stop going back to the one who brings you more pain than happiness . 
a us man has shown off a 14 - year - old mcdonald ' s hamburger that looks the same as the day he bought it . 
"don ' t follow us ,  or i ' il tell alexandra you still suck your thumb and sleep with mr .  blanky . "
"some people think that chess is a science ,  not just a game . "
"i ' ve seen how sleeping together too soon can ruin a relationship ,  and i don ' t wanna risk what we have . "
so these events in our recent past really are unique . 
"just then i saw a man ,  whose problems appeared bigger than mine . "
and that was the last stop before you officially became connor mead . 
"the combination of two kinds of feeders ,  for example ,  the combination of venturi feeder and continuous mechanical rotating feeder might improve its present problems in using respectively . "
"read the book ,  ace the guy ' s test . "
i am reading fluctuations in their power grid . 
"and then if you ' re smart enough ,  it goes on a basket on top of the washer . "
"htr has been shown to increase bone apposition only when in close contact to adjoining bone ,  such as along an extraction socket wall . "
and that ' s the structure of the city of curitiba . 
true democracy is nonintervention to other countries '  internal matters . 
"last week ,  economy minister nunes j únior underlined the importance of possible imf support ,  at a time when oil income was recovering from a sharp fall between the end of 2008 and the first quarter of 2009 . "
you transfer the embroidery design from the paper to cloth by pressing it with a warm iron . 
"using nanometric \  | graphite as carbon source , choosing fe powder as catalyst , the ball \  | like and lumpy diamonds of 5～20μm have been synthesized under high \  | temperature and high \  | pressure conditions of 1250～1330k and 5 . 1gpa . "
"for 12 years he took charge at the british mountaineering council ,  swelling both membership and revenues ,  arranging competitions and writing memos late and long ,  until he would bolt from the manchester office to scale the nearest crags . "
"the gaming and betting sector ,  which is the main source of income for the special administrative region of macau ,  generated total gross income of 45 . 8 billion patacas ( us $ 5 . 97 billion )  in 2005 ,  which have a direct tax of 35 percent imposed by the local government as well as a 4 percent indirect tax . "
"a united nations - backed court has found the former president of liberia , charles taylor , guilty of aiding and abetting crimes against humanity , murder , rape and terrorism . "
i just wanted to get you some support . 
"i pulled a  "" pinfish ,  ""  they ' re called ,  with sharp dorsal spines ,  up too hard and fast , "
" "" in china ,  ""  writes edward tse  "" instead of products arriving in a predetermined order ,  from essentials to luxuries ,  from low end to high ,  everything has arrived almost simultaneously … thus the masses of chinese people tend to be difficult for marketers to reach :  fickle ,  willing to change brands rapidly ,  often shopping on price alone .  and yet there is a rapidly growing group of people at the high end ,  who are very brand conscious ,  with the ultimate goal of showing off their wealth as they acquire known brand name products . "
the young schoolboy can not understand the allusive conversation of intellectual men . 
"during voldemort ' s first rise to power in the 1970s ,  dumbledore gathered a group of people together to fight against him . "
trying to work out whether she should let it cry
to the manipulation of really great amounts of data  -  - 
"the president said the u . s .  economy has continued to grow despite what he termed  "" unprecedented challenges .  ""  he expressed confidence that a stimulus package that includes rebate checks to american taxpayers will help boost u . s .  economic performance in the months to come . "
some children jumped down and ran to the rock pools with bags . 
the team from the department of biological and clinical psychology used magnetic resonance tomography to investigate how individuals processed words associated with experiencing pain . 
that would save hundreds of millions of dollars in legal costs in the united states
and i wanted to make you see it in a positive way  -  - 
want to insult a woman ?  then offer her a compliment . 
saying that nathaniel was interested in a violin lesson with me . 
"instead of a hotel ,  look into reserving a home if traveling with a family ,  or a single room if alone . "
"after she drank the wine she became very ill and was barely able to get to her bed . when her husband came to her side ,  he found not his wife but a huge white snake . "
"i mean ,  the little bowl of that stuff that had cooled down  -  - "
"this is also good way to approach the problem of the american retirement system ,  in which average citizens waste billions of dollars every year without making their futures more secure .  private companies have basically abandoned defined - benefit retirement programs ,  but that doesn ' t mean they should abandon the idea that they are partly responsible for making their employees '  retirements as comfortable as possible .  that means setting up automatic enrollment ,  automatic escalation of their contributions ,  and ,  most importantly ,  not giving the option to invest in high - fee funds .  it also means that employers need to make sure that their employees have the knowledge to make the right choices . "
"to meet the initial study of high efficiency photoreactor ,  we dedicate to the synthesis of tio _ 2 film with optical fiber by liquid phase deposition and wish to obtain well - combined ,  stable films which can deal with both organic and some inorganic contaminations . "
we can talk to people about what we ' re doing . 
"and what was so amazing to me ,  and what fits right in"
"these commands work in bash ,  but similar options exist in zsh and other shells . "
the children on the study tour have to keep a diary of the place they visit . 
where did you learn how to dance like that ? 
"as well as measuring how the forest ecosystem is responding to the 2010 amazon drought – the worst ever recorded – the technology accurately monitors deforestation and degradation ,  and has revealed unexpectedly high levels of biodiversity in high forest on the andean rim of the amazon basin . "
and on all the kinds of things that ripple and flow
"however ,  he said the new rules ,  contained in a ten - volume guide ,  would not be mandatory and there would be no punishment for firms that refused to correct their signage . "
" ' humans are on their best behavior .  when they meet new people ,  but you start to see who they really are when they are relaxed and are themselves ,  '  mr . "
senator obama responded by defending his willingness to meet with any foreign leader at any time if he believed it would make the united states more secure . 
now you canchalk another victim up to nyc . 
"we have studied through experiment the hysteresis losses and the shapes of the hysteresis loops with relation to the diameter  ( d )  of the filament , the eyte - rnal longitudinal field change rate  ( dh / dt )  , the twist pitch  ( lp )  and the relations between the residual magnetism and  ( d )  and  ( lp )  . "
yes ill take orange juice two boiled eggs .  make it medium boiled .  and just one piece of toast with marmalade please . 
this articled ' scusses development process of cad  /  cam technique from application condition in the world .  as last poses main problem that our country on application cad technology . 
the 2004 pku athletic meeting is going to be held on apr . 16th . 
the objectives for support services would indicate targets for improved efficiency and effectiveness of the services to be rendered to the substantive departments and member states . 
jayna :  that’s just it . it’s very low - cost because it works through word of mouth . 
"privately ,  boeing officials admit that an all - new plane ,  a new technology and a new way of working with manufacturers  ( which involved risk - sharing )  ,  was too much novelty all at once . "
"a :  many websites ,  such as sina ,  sohu ,  ect .  they are all excellent . "
"and when i take it away ,  they contract . "
"we take this opportunity of calling your attention to our revised price -  list ,  as annexe ,  for old vintage . "
fushun group is mainly in the real estate industry . 
hadn ' t said a rational word in the weeks of observation . 
"after their baccalaureate ,  students admitted by an iut can ,  after 2 years study ,  continue to do a bachelor degree  ( professional or not )  . "
and what does an assistant phone basher do exactly ? 
there are now four workers to the new garden paved lawn sprinklers . 
"ernest laffite ,  the director of the invalides . "
teaching them to think seemed at times like the travail of childbirth . 
for much of 200japan actually had a net inflow of bond investment . 
under such circumstances an employer may be willing to reschedule the interview . 
"and what we now live in ,  which i think is a post - bureaucratic age . "
reports from the libyan capitalyesterday suggested that the dictator was carrying out his threat to armsupporters to strike back against the uprising . 
"to watch these films together ,  this could be an incredible day . "
"homemade bombs have been rigged up in his apartment ,  designed to detonate if anyone entered . "
"we forbad them weapons ,  but they fashioned their own . "
"maputo ,  mozambique ,  26 nov–mozambique ' s population stands at 20 . 5 million ,  according to provisional census results released friday by the national statistics institute ( ine )  . "
mother won ' t let me near the piano . 
you haven ' t forgotten anything for the new year ' s ceremony ! 
"yet over the past year or two ,  i have found my obsession increasingly unrewarding . "
"it is quite conceivable that 36 , 000km will prove the limit of human ambition . "
because i wanted to get a bit of the stone effect . 
do you want to move a bit closer ? 
and i think this is what we ' ve done with climate change . 
"do it ,  by all means ,  but strictly on the quiet . "
he repeated that about 50 times in the two days i was with him . 
i believe that these tools that worked in these 42 pilot cases
another very common source of skin allergies is the flea or mite bite . 
the upheaval is blamed for recent stock market volatility across the globe . 
and the first things that you can see from this graph
tradition :  keep your hands in sight .  it is not good manners to rest them on your lap .  keep your elbows off the table . 
"for example ,  muslims do not eat pork ,  in ramadan after sunrise ,  sunset before meals can ;  some buddhists not everybody eats meat ;  hindus do not eat beef ;  certain countries ,  such as india ,  indonesia ,  mali ,  the arab states ,  can not use the left hand with other people or things left transmission ;  in buddhist countries not to confused child ' s head ;  catholics taboo 1this figure . "
" "" our highest priority must be to reduce the danger that nuclear weapons will ever be used ,  ""  he said .   "" such weapons ,  while still important to deter an attack with weapons of mass destruction against us and our allies ,  represent the most abhorrent and indiscriminate form of warfare known to man .  "" "
several procedures are available to meet practical problems of frequent recurrence . 
"but in her first report on whether there has been compliance with the resolution ,  the un ' s humanitarian chief valerie amos painted a grim and disturbing picture . "
"fruity :  the girl on the left looks less than amused that her outfit has been adorned with fruit and vegetables ,  while the girl on the right looks slightly happier with her choice of extravagant make up . "
her gold -  medal victory laid the ghost of her shock defeat in the european championships . 
"do you want a volunteer job with flexibility ,  like working at a soup kitchen ,  or can you commit to something long term ,  like becoming a big brother ? "
fresh foods and leftovers languish on crowded shelves and eventually go bad . 
i don ' t even know what that is . 
"exports of oil products were 650 , 000 barrels a day in march ,  up 3 . 4 per cent on the same month a year ago ,  according to customs data released yesterday . "
have mercy on this poor blind man . 
"it was lunch hour at the dig site ,  and the workers had gone to eat in the shade . "
we have to scrimp and save if we want to buy a decent house in that area．
the main theme of the book is obscured by frequent digressions . 
so they reduce a city ' s need to fund costly end - of - pipe solutions  -  - 
"papua new guinea recently passed legislation expanding its use of the death penalty ,  following a number ofhigh - profileand violent crimes . "
liu yang :  i think it is definitely hard to solve now . 
"a 2006 study that was published in the annals of internal medicine revealed that 10 percent of men who called themselves heterosexual have had sex with men ,  many of them married . "
we ' re also starting ancillary health - care technology training programs  -  - 
so are these now the images of the past ? 
neither the establishment nor the nation will yield to pressure at any cost . 
aim :  to investigate the role of thymus of patients with myasthenia gravis  ( mg )  . 
"so there are striking similarities ,  i think ,  to the internet boom ,  right ? "
"based on the engineering example , a comprehensive control \  | demolition design that combines the technology of the mechanical cuting , the technology of the folding and the directional collapsing is introduced to protectively demolish the section of great towering buildings in the complex condition . "
"in one type of heart surgery ,  for example ,  only 15 percent of patients benefited form the surgery . "
it was similar to the two groups in late reaction to radioactive pulmonary fibrosis . 
"yes ,  here ' s your key .  the bellboy will take you to your room . "
"yeah ,  yeah ,  no ,  you ' re getting a rhythm . "
"almost six in ten of this age group re -  evaluated their prospects after suffering a health scare ,  while four in ten took stock after a family member was taken ill . "
nothing has begun to interest her so much as folk music . 
now it ' s very unlikely the first things you ' re going to see are like robots . 
with this approach each data entity includes both the attributes and the inherited attributes of the class that it represents . 
we ' re going to know better what to do with it and how better to have insight
the president is upset that the press second - guessed his new policy . 
"yeah ,  but that ' s 59 in bunny years . "
"japan is set to join the tpp talks late ,  during its 18th round ,  which is under way in malaysia . "
you know what else he was telling me ? 
"but you know ,  she must have been an extraordinary girl . "
"it isn ' t possible that you were so misguided as to think i would propose matrimony  ?  "" "
" "" on this trip ,  she will continue our efforts to rally the free world in the defense of a free georgia ,  ""  mr .  bush said . "
"this is a system that relies on kindness and trust , "
"officials accuse suppliers in punjab ,  the breadbasket of pakistan ,  of smuggling wheat intended for domestic use to afghanistan and central asia to take advantage of price differences . "
rlc layer in wcdma protocol stack is in charge of data transmission control . 
"it is fun ,  will be ,  in the future . "
"and by training your brain just like we train our bodies , "
the outlawed militant sunni group lashkar - e - jhangvi contacted local media to claim responsibility . 
meter and rhyme are not mere adjuncts of poetry . 
i don ' t care what you do to me ! 
we shall be belated as to the haymaking up our way . 
"10 .  you are really ready for a second career .  this is especially applicable to boomers and anyone who has had a successful career ,  but now ready for a new challenge ,  with a little time on their hands .  the good part of having your own business is that you don ' t even have to give up your first job to start the second . "
yes .   .  .  . or really the jesus business . 
"and we ' ve had ,  i think ,  a really fun culture at our company , "
you should focus on the moving direction of the big wave . 
don ' t interfere with him .  he ' s preparing for the final exams . 
children learn to print when they first go to school . 
your character in the last stand has a speech about experience and fear . 
"anti  -  drug policies run into the law of unintended consequences and ,  more ,  the laws of and demand . "
"gottlieb ,  captain white reminisced about his work in the safehouses with lsd . "
"to ramazan culum ' s mind ,  it was the ultimate declaration of love . "
"so in other words ,  the future has kind of been shrinking"
he is wearing an orange prison jumpsuit and lying on a prison bunk . 
"at present ,  a highway network centered on lhasa has been built ,  its mileage reaching 21 , 800 kilometers ,  and many domestic and international airlines have already opened . "
innovation is the life of costume design ;  studying the innovative thought of costume design intends to foster students '  creative abilities ;  makes the students find out the cut - in point of design among numerous design factors by means of innovative thought . 
"yemeni officials say they are releasing about 170 detainees with suspected ties to al -  qaida ,  two weeks after al -  qaida said it would use yemen as its base of operations for the arabian peninsula . "
"together ,  they found a great deal of treasure . "
"the chinese philosophy of  "" yin ""  and  "" yang ""  is well reflected in the entire building ,  to achieve an ingenious combination of high - tech and nature . "
"we want to be the premium end of the vip business ,  bowie said .  ( macaunews / macaupost ) "
things were just too  -  -  there was nothing left to do . 
i don ' t even know if you are .   .   . 
"then johnston ,  flanked again ,  withdrew his thinning lines a few miles farther . "
that they may come in a flash and disappear in a flash . 
"in so doing ,  it could help facilitate advances in bio -  medical research and personalized medicine . "
what i ' m about to show you is a diabetic ulcer . 
"with her red hair and her light steps and so forth , "
france was fined a whopping euro20m  (  $ 24m )  the european court of justice for repeatedly ignoring fisheries rules stopping the catching of under - sized fish . 
"at all costs and as long as we are still standing and as long as people are out there ,  praying for us ,  we will continue to ,  and this is something that i will not stop . "
"macau ,  china ,  25 oct–telecommunications companies ,  companhia de telecomunica ções de macau ,  hutchison telephone ( macau )  and china unicom were granted licenses by the macau government for third generation mobile phone operations ,  officials said . "
which is held by the vast majority of top american scientists
you ' re new here so you haven ' t hear the story . 
"constitutional expert lovemore madhuku tells voa that while the announcement by the government may not be in the spirit of the power sharing agreement ,  it does not breach the letter of the deal . "
"schutter says it is important to support agriculture in developing countries ,  particularly by small - hold farmers .  and ,  it is particularly urgent to provide farmers with seeds and fertilizers before the close of the planting season in june to prepare the next harvest . "
"in general ,  notes the ebrd ,  “the size of the output declines correlates with pre - crisis credit booms and external indebtedness” . "
i wish i could see them ;  but i guess it will be a long time before qiao li and i get to new york . 
i spent so long in the darkness
he was catnapped about a month ago . 
we haven ' t had new pipe .  .  .  since my second decade here . 
the real people in africa .  that ' s where you find them . 
"and in fact ,  if you guys live on the west coast , "
"krause ,  as manager of the bottling plant .  .  .  you ' re always complaining that you need more help . "
"they have taken crafty counsel against thy people ,  and consulted against thy hidden ones . "
she asked again if i liked her blouse and this time she flipped up the bottom of it and showed me her stomach . 
let me take you to a very different kind of farm . 
prof yan from tsinghau university brushed away any cozy talk of international co - operation . 
"if you can’t make all processes use the cache ,  you will have to live with stale data  ( for a time )  . "
"at diaglevel 3  ( default )  ,  the db2diag .  log captures a stack trace back ,  and even gives you the line number within the code where the exception is caught . "
"if i don ' t pick him up ,  then what am i gonna do ? "
we will make history .  .  .  or die trying . 
"before they had electric guitars ,  trying to make a loud guitar . "
i never am going to forget about the taste of this food . 
"igor showed off his new purchases  -  a black cowboy hat ,  a fake armani jacket ,  gillette mach 3 razors and a bottle of aftershave with an english logo ,   "" love affairs  ""  . "
"and had the research company included the costliest gas  /  electric - powered ride on the road – the full - size lexus ls 650h l luxury sedan – that number would have been skewed even deeper into the red .  that ' s because at  $ 119 ,  910  ( for the 2013 model year )  it ' s priced an astounding  $ 38 ,  135 more than the next costliest ls ,  yet according to the epa gets just one additional mpg in combined city  /  highway driving .  while it does promise added acceleration ,  leveraging the hybrid technology as a sort of high - tech turbocharging ,  at an epa - estimated fuel savings of just  $ 100 per year the ls 650h l would long turn to carbon before it would ever come close to becoming a cost - effective vehicular choice . "
"announcer :  one five will get you 10 ,  10 will get you 20 . "
12 .  the bittersweet feeling of finishing a really good book . 
"she was really hopeless .  and the school ,  in the  ' 30s , "
"when they find out this is the wrong person ,  they ' ve been manipulated , "
staying in a sober house costs about one hundred dollars a month . 
one of the main aims of the reconstruction of this road is to re - launch agricultural activities in the region . 
but it was even more beautiful than he remembered . 
the story revolves around an android who comes to the emotional realization that he is not a real person . 
i ' d always wanted to see you again . 
do not stay put in the eastern tropical pacific seascape . 
"he is such a fucking nerd ,  i can ' t believe he doesn ' t work with you people . "
" ' we now want people to send us their own entries of wacky things they ' d like to do ,  and we ' ll provide funding for the best ones .  ' "
it is estimated that rehabilitation and modernization of the cfb will cost about us $  300 million and the project is being funded by chinese credit . 
with her rosy cheeks and beating heart . 
her majesty may have reigned for 60 years but she remains quite a shy person at heart . 
"and so this is the existing city ,  and this is the new city . "
to hope one ' s children will have a bright future is all parents '  hope .  however this desire is so strong that it become a heavy burden to the parents and children . 
we can ' t afford to be cool and sit this one out . 
so the fact that they are building brands is actually quite amazing . 
there are millions of american veterans from the second world war . 
"but look out ,  there ' s more coming in the near future for many other information technology  ( it )  domains ! "
"hot air rises ,  and air is drawn in off the sea to replace it . "
a decimal number may be represented in coded binary form . 
"the habitants tried to fight against being moved to another city ,  but it was no use . "
"no fair !  i don ' t even have one ,  how come they get two ? "
"i think a lot of people ,  a lot of writers ,  try to take shortcuts in theirassignmentsand justregurgitatewhat somebody else may have written ,  you know ,  instead of truly saying what ' s going on ,  ""  kobe says . "
"“the data continued to beat expectations .  it’s good news .  it suggests that the economic recovery is improving , ” said zhu haibin ,  an economist with jpmorgan .  “it’s moving from downside risks to upside risks . ”"
"thus ,  let ' s run through some of their favorite hairstyle ideas you ' re sporting . "
so it ' s such a coincidence to run into you guys like this here . 
"and then down he came ,  his belly towards me ,  with a crash that seemed to shake the ground even where i lay . "
"jeong young - sik ,  an analyst at the samsung economic research institute in seoul ,  says korean households have not gotten the message yet . "
he ' s talking about opening another spot in manhattan . 
even if .  .  .  if you don ' t agree with him . 
eriksson believes over - confidence will not be a problem -  especially after the denmark debacle when england lost 4 - 1 thanks to a second - half collapse . 
and more than 70 villages in central nigeria have been inundatedwith water as floods thread through plateau state . 
we will do everything we can do to accommodate you and make you feel at home . 
the case went on for two years ;  i think he ' s still appealing the case . 
"the verb to swipe ,  “swipe , ” in this case means to take your credit card and put it through ,  very quickly ,  through a little machine that reads your information so that the store can charge your credit card for the amount . "
"the emphasis of this artile is to study the achievement of kong chuan ,  his grandfather , his father and his uncle . "
"the manage function is reflected by the information from the counting function of green gdp which supplies for evaluating ,  making or reforming economic policy and environmental policy ,  fulfill the reasonable exploration and continuing use of public natural resources . "
"today ,  operators run separate but interconnected networks for fixed and mobile phones . "
"when he was done ,  the teleprompters quietly began retracting down to the floor . "
the analysis and deciphering of cryptographic writings or systems . 
"the intellectual property rights ,  as one kind of legitimate exclusive right which the laws entrust with ,  generally exist as the exception of the antimonopoly law . "
"this famous temple was the home to the pythia ,  a specially chosen and trained woman who ,  according to legend ,  channeled the voice and wisdom of apollo ,  the god of prophecy . "
"as her spokesman did earlier ,  ms .  rice said the united states was not laying blame on syria for the killing ,  which she said must be thoroughly investigated . "
what we need to do is turn the problem on its head . 
these are the places that we have to make hope spots in . 
this tutorial shows you how to make page content fade away into the bottom of the page just like the fortuito .  us blog . 
"shortly after i saw that ,  we had some friends over for dinner"
ain ' t gonna be able to find nothing . 
the steamer possesses berthing accommodation for 750 passengers in the first class . 
"aim to prepare anti h pylori immune goat milk in order to eradicate h pylori infection methods the whole active h pylori as immunogen , goats were immunized and the polyclonal immune goat milk to h pylori was obtained the immune goat milk was administered to h pylori infected mice by oral route , 4 and 6 weeks later , the mice were killed and tested for h pylori culture and uraes activity ; "
"when author  /  photographer kawakami takuya came out with the revolutionary bimbo shinzui  ( the true meaning of poverty )  five years back ,  japanese minimalists lauded his audacity . "
then there are also some questions to ask about the destination . 
moscow  & st petersburg are 2 amazing cities to visit  -  but even better 2 play !  thx 2 everyone that made our 1st trip 2 russia unforgettable ! 
skysports .  com can confirm birmingham are in talks to sign juventus midfielder olivier kapo . 
" "" i can ' t wait to eat hot cross buns !  ""  giggled bracken ,  as her tummy let out a little rumble . "
"lin junqing is an excellent doctor ,  voice experts and vocalist . "
you can ' t have it crying
"in the u . s .  presidential race wednesday ,  democrat barack obama focused on a new direction in foreign policy ,  while his republican opponent ,  john mccain ,  looked to make a comeback in the polls . "
i really wanted you to help me with this . 
"the head servant in a household who is usually in charge of food service ,  the care of silverware ,  and the deportment of the other servants . "
that the particular is central to finding the uniqueness of place
this is a world that you ' ve forgotten and abandoned . 
this group participated in none of the hearings in the final stage of the proceedings . 
the predictions of the pressure drop across the bed and the critical fluidizing velocity agree well with the experimental results . 
we not only have the same tastes
"the next moment ,  it was hard to say by whose act ,  she was in his arms . "
"well ,  you know ,  we should expect to see that . "
those that they love jesus and those that no . 
"but after receiving an anonymous complaint ,  a rahway police officer was sent to the home ,  and reluctantly asked the family to cover up the buff  ( albeit headless and limbless )  bod . "
"so i can do it  -  -  oops ,  that was going to be a right turn . "
american woman florence griffith  -  joyner got three golds and a silver in and field events . 
what you are doing becomes worth doing for its own sake . 
"now ,  it stays on your ankle all the time . "
but is that going happen after today ' s stimulus measures are withdrawn ? 
"at the beret museum in southwest france ,  an institution that tells2 ,  000 years of hat history ,  the trend has been welcomed with great joy . "
"schools for migrant children are opened everywhere ,  this becomes the pioneer of multi  -  culture symbiosis . "
"and if it twitched ,  they didn ' t bury them yet . "
objective to establish a quick and easy method for sds  -  page protein staining . 
she says her program like others on ebs stays away from politician which deeply divided her community . 
you asked me .  you know i always give the unconventional answer . 
" ""  all you have to do is get in line"
"canadian nutritionist dolores chung ,  director of the hong kong based dynamic health centre ,  has some more detailed advice . "
"another light source that detects that light at 1 , 000 hertz , "
that i mentioned in the beginning may not be quite right . 
"but until this little divorce thing ' s done ,  not much we can do about it . "
though he is still a young man his political career is already in the ascendant . 
"maputo ,  mozambique ,  18 june–the new international terminal at maputo international airport ,  in mozambique ,  will be ready by 1 july ,  but will only start operating in september on an“experimental ”basis ,  the director of the project said thursday in maputo . "
objective :  to demaonstrate the effects of abe on different blood cells . 
"one ' s conceptual world ,  the world of ideas ,  the world of aspirations , "
"with the agonized reach of his rigid left arm and the crucifixate tilt of his crossed feet ,  the defrosting mummy struck a pose that wouldn ' t look out of place in a 14th  -  century altarpiece . "
the clinical application of radiated heterogeneous dermis graft in burn wound
"in his message ,  the militant leader has confirmed peace talks are underway with authorities and has promised to punish anyone found violating his orders . "
"panama topped the new york times list .  the country is recommended for its raucous nightlife ,  good snorkelling and trendy ,  up - and - coming capital city . "
"under a program agreed to last year to transfer all local prisoners from u . s detention ,  the u . s .  military has handed over an unspecified number of suspected taliban fighters to afghan custody . "
"and i ' m sure you can stick any leftovers in the fridge to heat up for later ,  but i really don ' t think that ' ll be a problem . "
"both plans have drawbacks ,  says bruce josten of the chamber of commerce . "
"in terms of the ground - object spectrum information and the image -  grain information as symbols to distinguish the ground - objects , fractal theory and bp neural networks are used to monitor thick fog at night , which increases the monitoring precision of thick fog obviously . "
"results :  while 76 . 61 %  of the handicapped were married with relatively poorer marital outcome ,  70 . 4 %  were found to adhere to the birth control policy .  rates of their children suffering from handicap conditions and committing criminal offences were 16 . 61 %  and 10 . 23 %  respectively .  social and cultural attainment was also found to be lower among children of the handicapped . "
objectiveto delineate the diagnosis and therapy of the upper cervical injury byanalysing 77 patients with the injury retrospectively . 
"he also announced that the ec will open an office in dili in january ,  2008 . "
a person with a compulsive disposition ;  someone who feels compelled to do certain things . 
"my friend ,  on the other hand ,  she was a good terrorist"
and those are all things that women do very well . 
" "" burn ""  is the idea of trying to create the physical instantiation of one of these courses . "
"around us here ,  we now have thousands of poor people crowded into all the available buildings . "
produced evidence in the form of an alkaline phosphatase number
professor wieman is currently on leave from the university of british columbia and the university of colorado . 
"macau ,  china ,  21 sept–macau ' s state revenues in the first eight months of 2006 totaled euros 1 . 7 billion ,  with gaming taxes accounting for 73 . 6 percent of this figure ,  according to official figures . "
the explorers lived on a monotonous diet of beans and rice . 
"imagine ,  a headstrong nineteen  -  year  -  old youth ,  able to warp time itself to her will ! "
for this is what conscious manifestation is all about . 
"now let’s listen to the story ,  this time at a normal speed . "
so we could show the firing rate of that neuron
you have publicly defended this policy countless times . 
they are hoping for a small diminution in taxes . 
"if you don ' t kill the fish ,  they take a longer time to die , "
"the bible says ,   "" these people come near to me with their mouth and honor me with their lips ,  but their hearts are far from me .  their worship of me is made up only of rules taught by men  .  "" "
"luanda ,  angola ,  11 april–angolan finance minister jos épedro de morais has said china has granted credit lines valued at us $  4 . 5 billion to angola in the last four years . "
objective to evaluate a kind of operative management in the treatment of chronic non  -  bacterial prostatitis . 
"present study ,  therefore ,  is to directly demonstrate whether i1 - imidazoline receptor participates in the modulation to morphine dependence by agmatine ,  and to discuss its molecular mechanism in signal transduction aspect . "
"i need two egga - mooby muffins ,  and we ' re almost out of hash browns . "
clinical analysis and treatment of diarrhoea after redical resection of esophage - cardiac canaer
"if you ' re hurting for ideas ,  perhaps the following three case studies will give you some inspiration . "
parliament in ukraine has meanwhile agreed a series of bilateral and multi - lateral military exercises with nato countries . 
"so ,  a different ,  and rather wonderful ,  sort of alchemy has taken place in oxford . "
fred :  i barely picked up my fork and you were finished . 
"the stamp ,  which was designed and produced by the canadian bank note company and sicpa product security ,  contains security features much like the identifiers stamped on money . "
a charge to a borrower  ( especially for a mortgage loan )  to cover the costs of initiating the loan . 
and i have to say that it ' s not all me this year . 
zaha hadid ' s performing arts centre is an amoeba  -  like structure covered with a netlike window structure . 
four animals friends encounter some cowardly robbers on the way to bremen  -  town in this easy  -  to  -  read folktale . 
the children seem unaffected emotionally by their parent ' s divorce . 
"the new wine mourns ,  the vine decays ,  all the merry - hearted sigh . "
we ' re here to help you .  we need data .  we need to know
you should be very proud of him . 
"this is a humble conclusion ,  but i cannot make myself disbelieve it . "
"drop a coin into a cup ,  and stir with a magic wand ,  and it drops right through the bottom of the cup ! "
"in a statement cited by state news agency angop ,  enana said the move is aimed to tackle cargo handing problems that still remain at terminal 2 of the airport ,  despite new fork - lift trucks and roof coverings at the facility . "
a call control signal sent by the called dte to indicate that it accepts the call . 
the liason is said to have lasted about 30 seconds in a backstage lavatory . 
"thousands of african and other migrants have come to israel through its desert border with egypt over the last few years ,  fleeing conflict back home or searching for a better life in israel . "
this is about finding an hour or two of relief from the pain of being you . 
i need a good friend right now . 
"now and then ,  at our entrance ,  someonetried to escape from back door or window and ran ,  of course ,  into the clutch ofpolicemen . "
"and if we jam nutrients ,  sewage ,  fertilizer in the base of that food pyramid ,  it can back up all through it . "
all the experiences i wanted to have and i never did . 
i ' ve been watching you '  and you are definitely turning out like me . 
"citizens of the valley of peace ,  it is my great honor to present to you .  .  . "
" ?  sweeney :  at a conference in monterey next to the big ,  big jellyfish tank ,   ? "
it ' s abnormal for the boy to eat so much . 
"“i used to be so busy that now i want to travel ,  ” he said . “ i always had to buy land ,  build factories ,  fix up my house . "
"david :  hmm .  so ,  basically ,  even if sales have plateaued ,  the ginseng teas are doing well .  i guess that ' s pretty good news . "
"think through the meals you want to eat during the week ,  and write a list of all the ingredients that you need to buy . "
"or if you take an american reference ,  to the u . s .  capitol building"
that ' s why there was such a fuss over julia rober ' s hairy armpits last month . 
"on this basis the second order modification has been conducted for the mobility upstream weight format in currently popularly commercial software , the vip black oil simulator . "
" -  that ' s not fair ,  teacher .  you answer the easy ones yourself and leave the hard ones for us . "
i was looking over there for a long time but i didn ' t see any .  .  . 
"so it ' s not really that out of these haphazard contacts ,  perfection arises . "
"according to the representative of state oil and gas company enh at buzi hydrocarbons ,  amade valy mamad ,  the project is in its initial stages ,  and is currently awaiting government approval to start de - mining of the area and opening up seismic lines . "
during the process of foundry charging mixing .  the information of loss ratio and consistent chemical composition have been considered which can aid technologists to get the minimum cost mixing schedule for the foundry charging mixing . 
"otherwise ,  be deceived easily not only ,  and the wind of abet pilfer date . "
"he needs to become a bit more of one ,  because he has in fact had a fair few successes . "
"for example ,  a student says  "" preclude ""  instead of  "" precede ""  when talking about one event coming before another . "
robin chase being the other person who started it . 
it was the latest in a series of attempts by militant settlers to disrupt the annual olive harvest which is vital to the palestinian economy .  israeli police intervened and broke up the brawl .  there were no serious injuries and the settlers were allowed to walk away . 
this is the order of his majesty . 
"the unofficial vow of silence by german politicians on how to plug the gap has also been largely observed by greece’s other international lenders ahead of the poll ,  for fear of triggering a public backlash in germany . "
i ' m going to replace my battered car with a new one . 
"and the book of chronicles ,  the book of ezra in the hebrew scriptures"
"locals ,  said radio host john burns of melbourne ' s 3aw ,  who was sent a copy of the photo ,  refer to the fisherman as the shark slayer . "
condensing this dense material will take immerse expense and intense work . 
our inscapes .  we ' ve lived with them all our lives . 
"celebrities and world leaders ,  including barack obama and hugo chávez ,  publish updates directly via social networks ;  many countries now make raw data available through “open government” initiatives . "
"jonathan unger ,  director of the contemporary china center at the australian national university ,  says fewer rural residents are willing to leave their farms today .  this is partly because there are more employment opportunities in rural areas ,  and because agricultural prices have gone up . "
"so it ' s quite remarkable that inside the beltway ,  it ' s just the opposite . "
"in the long march ,  our red army soldiers succeeded in wading through the marshland . "
"when it starts ,  whatever the reason is that you ' re doing this ,  focus on that . "
he ' s having a really tough time . 
"finally ,  what message would you like to send to liverpool fans ? "
"and don ' t lose it ,  or sell it , "
concentrate on things that do matter in the long run instead . 
"it takes the support of 1 , 144 delegates to secure the republican nomination at the party ' s nominating convention in tampa ,  florida ,  in late august . "
content :  the evaluation of moral education in secondary school is thought highly of by governments all level . 
"accepted when he was only 10 ,  carson huey - you is attending texas christian university majoring in quantum physics . "
"queria described the talks as positive ,  but said the road ahead will be difficult . "
that has  -  -  the whole quality movement has risen
"yeah ,  as i was saying ,  a lot of the kids at the colleges are taking this stuff . "
"but mr zhu considers himself a loser ,  not a winner .  he earns 4 , 000 yuan  (  $ 650 )  a month after tax and says he feels like a faceless drone at work .  he eats at the office canteen and goes home at night to a rented ,  20 - square - metre  ( 215 - square - foot )  room in a shared flat ,  where he plays online games .  he does not have a girlfriend or any prospect of finding one .   "" lack of confidence ""  ,  he explains when asked why not .  like millions of others ,  he mockingly calls himself ,  in evocative modern street slang ,  a diaosi ,  the term for a loser that literally translates as ""  male pubic hair  ""  .  figuratively it is a declaration of powerlessness in an economy where it is getting harder for the regular guy to succeed .  calling himself by this derisive nickname is a way of crying out ,  ""  like gandhi  ""  ,  says mr zhu ,  only partly in jest .  ""  it is a quiet form of protest .   "" "
"at the bottom of the index is niger ,  the worst place ,  according to the report ,  to be a mother . "
people are saying that it ' s moving from the idea of the dream home
" "" the doe study concluded that the gains were smaller in the south than in the north ,  likely due to increased air conditioning effect ,  ""  dowd said . "
"this thing blinks all the time ;  i ' ll leave it out ,  so you might be able to see it . "
"afterward ,  if you ' re up for more ,  stagger across the tree - lined parking lot  ( quite pleasant and perfectly safe with lots of security personnel on hand )  to x2 ,  a pristine three - in - one nightclub on the upper floors of the plaza senayan mall . "
"this is no deal ,  the price is too high for such a poor thing . "
do you think i ' m gonna carry you and pay you at the same time ? 
we ' il have a melon with port .  .  .  a plain melon .  .  . 
"this season ,  following a successful return to various catwalks and the high street they’re back in style favour . "
"you have a friend in me ,  nance . "
the economic consequences are global as the excess savings directly impacts china ' s balance of trade and current account surplus . 
how long you been with this guy ? 
she loves agriculture and wants to be a high school teacher . 
"and you allow it in another group that you ' re experimenting with , "
it provides a useful method of noise elimination for an industrial boiler room . 
"the approval of the refrigeration units was given at the beginning of december ,  when kroetz met with the deputy minister of aqsi ,  wei chuanzhong ,  with a view to re - launching the sale of chicken directly to china and ratify the inspection ,  quarantine and health protocol for pork meat . "
"lisa even planned her own funeral and wrote goodbye letters for her daughters to open after she died .  but three years after the diagnosis ,  lisa ' s death sentence was lifted — as her tumor unexpectedly disappeared . "
"that means shipowners who wish to ply these waters will have to stop using bunker fuel to power their vessels because burning it produces too much sulphur dioxide ,  nitrogen oxides and soot . "
"and maybe when you get there ,  what you find is this : "
"it puts a human face on issues which ,  from afar , "
"so again ,  memory is the city ,  memory is the world . "
"none of it ' s a distractor ,  so we lose that . "
"your clever hum will brush away the cob webs ,  soothe your mind ,  relax your face muscles and nourish your nervous system . "
you never told me i ' d be excluded . 
"you know ,  you create power ,  then you tame it . "
"supported by new legislation ,  financial instruments and partnerships with the private sector ,  the mainstays of the new policy are integrated housing and urban development ,  modernization of the administrative system ,  and public participation in all decision - making and implementation processes . "
there ' s someone who wants to see you
turn protocol is a technique for simple traversal of udp through nat . 
"if it is blood you seek ,  you are welcome to join us . "
"well ,  if you prefer he doesn ' t we can mix drugs into his drink . "
it ' s not the end of the world if you have a bad hair day . 
it is a double - faced behavior to agree overtly but oppose covertly . 
and we thought that these people should come into the mainstream
although it ' s not entirely clear how aware fruit is . 
can i have the number for vanguard cab ? 
let’s go .  we can kill two birds with one stone . 
"have them send up everything they ' ve got in their shop single breasted ,  three buttoned ,  narrow lapels ,  medium gray to dark blue ,  size thirty nine regular . "
"7 .  investigated the forecast methods of capital market ,  especial the nonlinearforecast technology based on the theory of phase space reconstruction .  the empiricaltest concerning the forecast effect of nonlinear auto - correlation chaos forecast modeland recursive nonlinear model is conducted ,  as example of chinese stock market andexchange rate of italy lira to u s dollar .  the results show that their forecast effect issatisfactory . "
i am familiar with things that you can hardly guess at . 
"she had a thing for dark meat ,  if you follow me . "
the boys listened breathlessly as the sailor detailed the story of the shipwreck . 
"for 100 yuan the telegraph acquired a sick note .  the apparently legitimate note and accompanying medical record purport to be from the respiratory department at shanghai ' s ruijin hospital ,  one of the city ' s best . "
"if you doubt this ,  the next time you are on a phone call simply stop making any noise while the other person is speaking . "
"because we gotta be 20 floors up ,  just dangling over nothing . "
who can discern his errors ?  forgive my hidden faults . 
"alan ,  i think it ' s time for you to leave . "
it isn ' t the end of the world . 
"he told fox news sunday that he does not favor a total boycott of the games ,  but would like to see athletes make their views known in beijing . "
"those tourists ,  too ,  had less fun than they let on :  they grumbled about the food ,  their rapacious guides and the discomforts of travel . "
"what makes this question interesting is the use of the word  "" fair ,  ""  which makes them seem as if they are angry or pouting over the situation .  the answer to thatquestion is ,  it ' s totally fair .  companies can handle their hiring however they want . "
"well ,  let ' s take a look at the next slide . "
the sun shinning through the leaves dappled the ground . 
from that hour a change seemed to come over him . 
benitez is obviously not happy about the scenario but begrudgingly accepts it is something which is happening more regularly . 
"first up ,  the maps on your classroom wall and in your geography book may be changing . "
"have temperament lovely belle forever times suffer fix eyes upon ,  the look is not centered in popularity to taste only forever on ,  true tie  - in ace surmounts popularity ! "
"and our positive thoughts ,  the ones that are “life  -  changing ,  ” those thoughts are often few and far between . "
how do you know the lack of contribution is not the true contribution ? 
as if you were the one to decide on the difference and not the thing you ' re wearing . 
"for the entree ,  we ' il have venison and hominy grits . "
"and i thought ,  ok ,  excited jew from new york ,  right ? "
looking after them with the greatest care . 
"you ' ve come about your brother ,  have you ? "
excessive choices quickly stop being a benefit and become an ordeal . 
"put your cap back on ,  you look more heroic . "
new york  ( reuters )   -  stocks started july with a bang on friday with wall street scoring its best week in two years on strong manufacturing data that eased concerns about slowing growth . 
and what i love is finding hidden patterns ;  i love being a data detective . 
"feature :  abrasion resistant ,  stabilized shiny spvc film ;  non  -  corrosive ,  resistant toacids ,  oils ,  moisture ,  humidity . "
"lisbon ,  portugal ,  24 april–the angolan authorities are ready to allow caixa geral de dep ósitos ( cgd )  of portugal to acquire a stake in banco totta de angola ,  currently controlled by spain ' s santander banking group ,  according to media reports . "
"in their outward order from jupiter ,  these moons are io ,  europa ,  ganymede and callisto . "
"hobart town ,  by degrees ,  grew to be a fine city ,  with handsome buildings and well kept streets . "
"in sara ,  congress codified in section 113 ( h )  the general denial of access to the courts to obtain pre - enforcement review of remedial action . "
i don ' t want to wake you at dawn . 
cristiano ronaldo finished second with 22 percent and xavi had 9 percent to finish third for the third straight year . 
"instead of listing all jar files in the applet tag which would require signing each jar file ,  i extracted the classes from the other jar files and created a single self -  signed jar file . "
"is that thecamera you used to film leah ' s kidnapping ,  without helping her ? "
the algerian state news agency says at least 12 foreign and algerian hostages have been killed at a gas plant in the desert that came under siege when islamist militants launched a hostage - taking raid on wednesday . 
reading was simply a requirement for progressing from kindergarten to first grade . 
"but i am saying that the more freedom that we give introverts to be themselves , "
it remains to be seen whether the ipad can sustain the initial enthusiasm in japan . 
"the reason they ' re called “buffalo wings” is because there ' s also a city in the united states ,  in the state of new york ,  called buffalo  -  buffalo ,  new york  -  and these wings were first made ,  or created ,  in a restaurant in the city of buffalo . "
" "" i ,  gabrielle van der mal ,  known as sister luke .  .  . "
people broke into cheers at once when they heard the good news . 
you´re gonna wanna get on 30 east up here . 
"whether the blessing is given in words or with gestures ,  in a solemn or an informal way ,  our lives need to be blessed lives . "
so you ' d be no more than two miles from a station at any time . 
do you think they ' il be able to sleep now ? 
bring all the teams in behind us . 
"do you think because i am poor ,  and obscrue ,  and plain that i am soulless ,  and heartless ? "
"a woman told me ,   "" when i see a nollywood film , "
"and with bad governance historically ,  over the last 40 years ,  it hasn ' t . "
a hundred million  -  looks more impressive  -  shown here on top of a shipping pallet .  make that 10 pallets  -  and you have a billion . 
"and he wrote the book  "" the big bang ,  ""  and so on . "
the book designer will have to redo the page layouts . 
"the addition of caco3 in medium was necessary condition for the accumulation of l - malic acid .  at the optimal cultural conditions ,  the aspergillus flavus ha5800 could accumulate 80 - 90g / l l - malic acid from 100 - 120g / l sugar in shake - flask operation . "
thank you very much for taking this meeting . 
"as a new micro  -  analysis technology ,  bio  -  chip has been visualized as the form of 21 st century . "
"is that you translate this pattern of activity into a new pattern of activity , "
you ' ve got to tell them something a lot more specific : 
"like this wiggle wiggle ,  that ' s a new problem  -  - "
"the goals of near  - zero deaths and eventual eradication are idealistic and aspirational ,  but not foolhardy as some critics suggested in 2007 . "
to produce deuterium requires an environment of high energy . 
there ' s a lady -  -  she ' s writing everything down . 
"the discussion first erupted on tuesday after a little known publication called the china business review ran a headline bound to get attention in a country more obsessed than most with children :   ' smog can impact humans '  reproductive ability and immune system .  '  below ,  the newspaper showed a rendering of how dust particles harm different organs in the human body . "
i stand with my back to the door so johnny can ' t bust in the room
"anti - monarchy groups have criticized the royal family for using public money to travel .   "" prince charles gives little back to the country yet has a held sense of entitlement when it comes to accessing public funds ,  ""  graham smith said friday .   "" we believe time is long overdue that the government brought royal spending under proper control .  "" "
"and tommy ,  a big heart and terrible rages . "
"a thick ,  viscous ,  or coagulated mass or lump ,  as of blood . "
so what could possibly change this terrible gap that has opened up in the world today ? 
"the father of eight children ,  he saw his share ofstrife . "
i never saw such an exhibition of bad manners before . 
"we need to lure the newborns with bella ' s scent ,  but it needs to end here . "
your brother has looked terrible well after your ! 
that ' s why we get rid of them . 
"at olney ,  a small town in england ,  shrove tuesday is pancake race day . "
make sure you put out your savings a high rate of interest . 
"some of these apps are so good ,  that they might replace your desktop client while others may be good for niche situations where you just need to get by . "
"of the 12 studies the researchers identified ,  6 were short - term clinical trials that looked at whether specific organic foods changed markers of antioxidant activity in participants '  blood . "
it ' s not a good idea to rush into spending the night together . 
"in this paper , the following parts are introduced the applying scope of the new type imformation management system of the injury and death data  ( for enterprise , industrial department and labor department )  , the type of the collecting data  ( injury accident for the work ,  mishap accident and similar injury accident for the work )  , the type for dealing with data and the keypoint of its development , etc . "
"don ' t hang off the rope ,  or you will fall down . "
call gil and tell him i ' m in imminent danger . 
"certainly some of these individuals may have physical limitations that make activity extremely difficult ,  and others are engaged in time - consuming activities that until finished do not permit opportunities for recreation . "
"his speech ,  every day triassic placed full  -  time secretary to clear information . "
"yet physically ,  of course ,  the city remains the same size ,  imposing most of the same requirements of road maintenance ,  street lighting ,  rubbish collection and emergency - service response times . "
"so here ,  you ' ve got this valley with this incredible alien landscape"
i can see as well as you can . 
what significant contribution to bioengineering was made on the loonkerian outpost on klendth ? 
i ' m trying to connect these two pieces of wire . 
their goonies child was kind of cute . 
georgia claims them both ;  russia considers them independent states . 
"chester conway came to talk to hendricks ,  and i made it my job to see him . "
direction means objectives .  you can get nowhere without an objective in life . 
"iraq government announced that it will send up to 10000 students per year to colleges in the us ,  uk ,  canada and australia over the next 5 years to help reconstruction efforts . "
"the zircon was dated by using the technique of single - zircon stepwiseevaporation -  deposition with a thermal ion mass spectrometry  ( bernd kober ,  1986and 1987 )  .  the zircon ages are 2 . 60 -  - 2 . 54 ga for biotite - leptynite  ( bl )  ,  3 . 36 - 2 . 62 for mimatized leptite  ( ml )  ,  and 3 . 53 -  - 3 . 08 ga for quartzite ( q )  from theiron formation . "
a tracking and counting problem is researched on a kind of moving multi  -  object . 
"ricky martin说：you can never make the same mistake twice .  the second time you make it ,  it ' s no longer a mistake ,  it ' s a choice . "
the correct treatment of cancer is a matter for almost endless debate . 
"but you ' ve gotta be completely honest with me ,  man . "
there is only one price i will accept : 
"here is an old lady who has got so much faith in me ,  i must do my best for her . "
either you pull your weight or we replace you . 
"now ,  last summer ,  we received a dynamite young woman here from cornell . "
she made a stouter resistance than the thief had anticipated . 
reissues of the works of author edgar rice burroughs in paper back and book club editions did much to bring frank frazetta ' s bold style to the attention of a whole new generation of readers . 
the tenor soloist is unable to appear tonight because of illness . 
this line ' s for members of our matterhorn programme . 
" "" phoenix ,  come here ,  take this ,  and go to jamie ,  please .  "" "
"it has that sense of going up and away , "
"and we could also have used maybe some angle .  well ,  not here ,  but if we had been moving on a circle or something like that . "
"although the court is appropriately loathe to substitute its policy judgments for those of congress ,  it has an obligation to effect the means by which the constitution divides power within the government and ,  under the copyright clause ,  within the society . "
"so ,  what ,  if anything ,  does the end of gossip girl mean ?  well ,  it means that teenagers have gotten older ,  that kids who started watching the show in junior high are now sophomores in college ,  that kids who started watching it later in high school are now drifting around the professional world somewhere–it means that time has passed . "
fr 4 :  flame retardent laminate made from woven glass fiber material impregnated with epoxy resin . 
ajax will take on juventus in this year ' s european cup final . 
we really need the internet to be that thing
it was part of a long - term probe into mental health and the transition to adulthood . 
she thinks there ' s some job up there worth checking out . 
what can you do to keep your skin looking beautiful and your body healthy ? 
"most people need a little time to embrace a new idea .  consider sending a thoughtful memo ,  or better yet ,  meeting with key people one - on - one the week before the meeting .  they ' ll appreciate the personal attention and will allow you to tailor your pitch to their specific needs .  by the time the meeting rolls around they may be ready to move in your direction .  even better ,  they may act as your advocate at the meeting helping you convince others . "
"chelsea invited me to be a ball boy when liverpool ,  the team i supported ,  played at stamford bridge ,  and i got to meet all the players in the changing rooms afterwards . "
if you could snap out of that habit and initiate the realisation that you are then you can being to break that habit and start feeling better . 
"botulism is a form of food poisoning ,  the most serious symptom of which is paralysis . "
i don ' t think it matters what his motives were . 
it ' s about time someone spoke up for these basic truths . 
the works here closed down several years ago
"results there was no significant relationship between the expression of cd44v6 and the size of tumor ,  tumor location ,  histological type and differatiation grade ,  but cd44v6 expression was related to lymphnode metastasis ,  tnm stage and median survival time . "
"i’m just one of many ,  though there aren’t that many at the top ,  as i am . "
"we are touching the most deep ,  the most important parts of our self . "
"we began to find limb bones ;  we found finger bones , "
but when it comes to brute strength .  .  . 
the doggy treat then comes dropping down the tube and into toby ' s food bowl . 
maintain my coveruntil i have a chance to escape . 
"when criminal suit mode is transferred from authority creed to party creed in new criminal procedure law for enhancing suit opposability ,  matched evidence discovery system should be introduced . "
"it was originally designed for batch processing ,  but after using it to publish several web sites and receiving plenty of feedback from users ,  i realized that it needed a friendlier interface . "
"i ' m an addict and an alcoholic . ” her impulse to speak out shockingly and usefully extended into politics ,  too . "
"christian owusu pare ,  the electoral commission’s acting director of public affairs said “every constituency is made up of a certain number of polling stations . "
"for one thing ,  we ' re animals too ,  dependent on this planet like every other form of life . "
"however ,  the performance of the controller can not satisfy complicated nonlinear systems such as aircraft engines . "
it is my persuasion that such people should not be allowed to enter this country . 
amnesty international ' s adotei akwei said opposition from russia in the united nations security council is blocking white house efforts to stop the violence in syria . 
"spelling mistakes are a huge don ' t ,  as is poor phrasing ,  overly long sentences and waffle .  cvs need to communicate information as clearly as possible ,  they don ' t need to involve much prose at all .  keep lists of duties and achievements to bulleted lists ,  and proofread several times . "
"so ,  i ' m going to finish with one last project , "
"in july 2007 stp airways suspended its two weekly flights to lisbon ,  portugal as a consequence of the angolan airline taag being banned from flying in european airspace ,  as taag ran the routes for the sao tome national airline . "
analysts say that even after the aging reactor is re - started it would take a few years to produce a few additional bombs . 
and i ' m going to allow you to record the concert
perhaps only in the desert in order to appreciate the sweet boiled water ! 
"now ,  also a video is done of the patient or spouse and medical presenter , "
he has this way with the beasts . 
the age of consent in spain is 13 and 14  - year -  olds are allowed to marry with a judge ' s permission . 
"these items have to be taken back home or destroyed ,  lest they fall into the hands of one faction or another . "
it will make tens of millions of people in bangladesh and egypt homeless . 
"rather ,  you enter the passphrase that you set in the first step . "
i ' m certain she ' s smaller when we met . 
"in the latest incidents ,  police on saturday fired tear gas and rubber bullets at a group of platinum miners who were trying to block a union rally . "
i want to fight just as a regular soldier . 
results the difference between the two group is remarkable except hyperdensity lipoprotein  -  cholesterol  ( p  &  lt ;  0 . 01 )  . 
we hope that now the republic of crimea will be paying more attention to us . 
"a branch of the bank on avenida paulista ,  in the financial heart of sao paulo ,  will mainly provide credit lines for companies interested in bilateral trade . "
a tool wear monitoring method based on the neuro fuzzy  -  network using b spline function is presented . 
go up at least a half size next time . 
"at the end ,  when his aides tried to restrain him ,  “it has affected me , ” he complained . "
"based on this rule ,  lady gaga ,  one of the most famous ladies of our times ,  should be simply gaga . "
" "" it ' s impossible to understand what they ' re trying to say ,  ""  said hugo ulloa ,  an international trader from chile ,  as we commiserated after he ' d failed a second time . "
"plead with your mother ,  plead :  for she is not my wife ,  neither am i her husband :  let her therefore put away her whoredoms out of her sight ,  and her adulteries from between her breasts ; "
worldwide weird :  odd ways to ring in the new year
at this time part  -  time to open a room so will not be earth  -  shattering . 
"but as i said earlier ,  this kind of logic applies across the board"
the new york opera company ' s saturday matinee performance is a tradition going back nearly 70 years in the united states . 
"yeah ,  i ' m sorry ,  i go too far ! "
"to support flexible and safe reuse of model components ,  high  -  index dae problems are natural in object  -  oriented modelling . "
"if you have experienced a loss ,  your grief may come in waves .  write down memories of your loved one ,  what it feels like to be without him or her ,  your anger ,  sadness ,  or whatever you are feeling on a particular day .  the paper is a safe place for you to unload all of those feelings . "
"which young people listen to better from other youth ,  rather than adults . "
"beware ,  though :  plastic cases with multiple ,  glued  - on parts will come apart if you give them the dishwasher treatment . "
"and ,  if she insists on making it up ,  i simply tell her that the only way she can is to forget that she ever did anything . "
there wasn ' t even time for making a surgical entry into herring ' s brain . 
"the company has been launching a great deal of technical improvement projects since 2000 and has successfully developed “miwang” series products ,  the first stainless rice box ,  damp drawer and sliding rail product series for cupboard in the country ,  which has raised the revolution of kitchen and household hardware onto a new stage . "
"by talking about  -  -  the thing that amazes me the most about this question , "
today was a perfect day .  .  have you ever been so angrily happy ? 
"since we ' re on the topic ,  both iraq and indonesia are oil producers . "
do you know if they know anybody in florida ? 
i don ' t know how you managed to stay single this long . 
"with western economies booming ,  japan ' s exporters could survive a strong yen . "
it’s time to put your super tight leggings to rest .  this season is all about wide legs . 
"“children ' s education is the responsibility of family .  certain behaviors should be condemned ,  it is true .  and there is a role for the media in offering guidance .  but it seems strange to make laws about puppy love ,  which is not illegal . ” . "
"hydrogen bond systems consist in biosystem abundantly ,  the study of hydrogen bond system and its properties are of great value . "
in one of the biggest towns where they ' re recycling . 
"in reality ,  the operation will end before its start without these preparations . "
"google will contribute to the development of the open edx platform ,  and follows its experimental course builder tool released last year ,  which has been used by universities and nonprofits to experiment with moocs . "
he said he was going to ring up this morning . 
this wall .  .  .  that has become the focus of so much .  .  .  tension .  .  .  and turmoil .  .  . 
the downturn has not had a big effect loan repayments either . 
"so ,  despite the fact that i ' m going to talk to you about"
" "" how can i possibly feel at ease here ?  ""  she cried despondently . "
why should any businessman support a chief executive who has let his friends in the labour movement run amok and who let his health  -  care bill be written by democrats in congress ? 
"after hesitantly pushing the door open ,  gao han walked into the dormitory and looked around .  four barren bunk beds stood in each corner .  as she put a hand on the ice - cold steel frame ,  gao thought to herself :  “this is the place i’m going to spend the next four years . ” that was the moment she decided to decorate the place and make it her home . "
"now ,  in a lie ,  it ' s like a circle . "
porch is his graduate work in first lixianting independent film school training session . 
"there is one overarching broken balance that illich never mentions explicitly but alludes to everywhere implicitly .  this is the balance between means and ends ,  or between physics and metaphysics .  the dubious achievement of modernity has been to transform ends into means .  everything has become a technical challenge – how to live forever ,  how to colonise mars ,  how to create the ultimate smartphone – in the cause of an unquestioned idea of progress whose end has got lost along the way .  illich reminds us that our human constitution requires us to question ends – who we are ,  how we should live a good life both individually and collectively – not merely to pursue means . "
"the experiments showed that the best fermentation conditions were :  added ratio of mold starter 5 %  ,  water 1 . 5times ,  the fermenting temperature 29℃ . "
"his sudden rise to fame was directly brought about by a big name in the business  -  pop queen faye wong ,  who sang his song  "" legend ""  at this year ' s cctv spring festival gala about a month ago . "
the sights of the city never fail to impress foreign tourists . 
the room doesn ' t look the same without her . 
you wanna know what i fantasize about ? 
because they have not moved further and faster on political reforms . 
"and we can ' t step in and say ,   "" that ' s wrong ,  and that ' s right .  "" "
"hard to miss - you know ,  the big hug and how happy he was to see you . "
i ' d say it ' s the perception of circumstances
"jou  -  chia laughed dryly and said ,   "" oh ,  so that ' s it ! "
"and the thing that fascinates me about the north pole , "
"and even if drug companies could find a way to activate brown fat safely ,  that excess activity could throw off other metabolic systems that could damage your health . "
"more intensified research efforts have brought about new developments in defense  -  related science ,  technology and industry . "
you called me about the comic book . 
"and ,  you know ,  you can ' t fault him for accuracy . "
"in good years corn is hay ,  in ill years straw is corn . "
we left in such a hurry that we forgot to lock the door . 
"i think that colin is above it ,  but believe me ,  he is a man . "
do whatever they want to do without having to uncap themselves . 
"and the thing is ,  the present tense is where we live . "
"objective to probe into the methods of clean clysis ,  to decrease the enema spillover and strong defecate feeling ,  to progress the effective . "
"we ' ve got it made big house ,  servants .  .  . "
"boy ,  i love to come to these venues before the show , "
"the other issue ,  far more fundamental ,  is the apparent dilemma between ethnic rootedness and national identity . "
we will see the further evolution of this kind of business - class morality . 
"speaking at the casino ' s opening ,  macau ' s chief executive ,  edmund ho ,  recalled that sjm had a 63 percent share of the territory ' s gaming sector in 2006 ,  which had gross receipts of 55 . 8 billion patacas ( us $  6 . 98 billion )  . "
"i took a great liking to our captain ,  leach ,  a charming and lovable man and all that a british sailor should be . "
"that camp was going to be just like this ,  but better . "
"as well as the 98 , 000 carats mined at fucauma ,  trans hex would also produce around 13 , 000 carats per month ,  at the end of the year ,  at the luarica mine ,  after the current expansion project . "
the network connection was aborted by the local system . 
"chapman ,  this is my cousin who works for us . "
it ' s like driving toward a mountain in the distance . 
"though birds and humans have clearly followed different evolutionary paths ,  birdsong culture can still inform theories of human culture . "
"but this ,  for me ,  i mean ,  coming here to do this , "
"well ,  she never called any jews sheeny . "
desert snails may even doze for three or four years . 
so i thought of an idea  -  -  what if we collect the sun with a large reflector  -  - 
22 all things will come round to him who will but wait . 
it was a lavish reception as befitted a visitor of her status . 
" "" seeing thus ,  the well - instructed disciple of the noble ones grows disenchanted with the eye ,  disenchanted with forms ,  disenchanted with consciousness at the eye ,  disenchanted with contact at the eye . "
the pharmacokinitic behaviour of aspirin adi ministration with sodium bie carbonate was studied in fifteen rabbits .  aspirin 0 . 15g / kg was given to five of them by oral  ( a group )  ; 
"winnipeg ' s 15 ,  000 - seat arena may be the smallest in the nhl ,  but it ' s always sold out ,  with average ticket prices of  $ 81 ,  third highest in the league .  so while true north sports entertainment paid  $ 110 million for the jets  ( plus a  $ 60 million relocation fee )  ,  just  $ 10 million less than the st .  louis blues sold for in 2012 ,  winnipeg is now worth  $ 155 million more than the blues ,  according to forbes . "
"the data acquisition module ,  the data processing module ,  the module of sound intensity ' s calculating and sound pressure ' s calculating ,  the module of sound intensity ' s frequency analyzing sound pressure ' s frequency analyzing ,  the system demarcate module ,  the figure drawing module and the error analyzing module are composed of the system ' s software ,  visual basic 6 . 0 and matlab are the main development tools . "
"because different combinations of structure parameters are able to describe the tread pattern ,  so the software offer two methods to designing multi - pattern .  putting relevant structure parameter of tread pattern ,  the software is able to create multi - pattern quickly and automatically ,  and deftly take to time area analysis ,  frequency area analysis and comprehensive evaluation . "
i really get tired of hearing sally bad  - mouth her mother and father . 
"why don ' t we say , uh .  .  .  meet for a drinks down in the lobby ,  say 7 : 00 ? "
"for the second time in less than a week ,  someone has gotten stuck in a washing machine playing a game of hide - and - seek . "
"you ' re a break from our normal lives ,  you ' re a .  .  .  a parenthesis . "
"two countervailing factors ,  it is argued ,  will tend to support the dollar . "
"fighting an insurgency requires patience ,  restraint and a good public - relations strategy"
"no more light was to be hoped for ,  henceforth ,  except the lightning of guns ,  no further encounter except the abrupt and rapid apparition of death . "
we can endure greater sacrifice .  .  .  because the object of our love is our lord jesus christ . 
"some hong kong and international toy companies have pondered moving production to countries with lower costs ,  such as vietnam or india .  but most toy makers and buyers say that because of china ' s decades of expertise and developed infrastructure ,  it will remain the world ' s toy factory . "
you can taste the curry to see if it ' s hot enough . 
it definitely won ' t make my list of top 10 favorite evenings . 
because they ' re very well - known for expressing science through art . 
"that ' s how people wind up getting gay ,  you know . "
there ' s a bigger green ' go  !  '  button that each attendee can push anonymously .  it lets the host or presenter see areas where more depth is wanted . 
the excellent diver can submerge as deep as 243 meters to work . 
"look ,  max ,  for the iast two months the police have been aii over us .  .  . "
to you .  .  . they ' re probably the most precious thing in the world . 
"at that time ,  wearing clothes came eventually to signify barbarianism ,  or at the very least ,  shame . "
he doesn ' t seem like a bad person to me
he went to see his favorite band in concert and knew all the songs by heart . 
"do you think i don ' t know you ,  alexander ? "
thankfully she didn ' t take offense and bought her son cookbooks and showed him internet recipes to see if he could do any better . 
how have you stayed hidden all these years ? 
they bothneed a paper on strindberg tomorrow . 
objective to observe the effects of bifocals on amblyopia in children cataract after implantation of undercorrected iol  ( intraocular lens )  . 
it wasn ' t long before hem and haw regarded the cheese they found at cheese station c as their cheese . 
one final note :  the netbeans support for v3 is experimental and v3 is not even feature complete at this point .  this is definitely the ' bleeding edge  '  . 
"oh ,  cri - kee ,  things are brightening up after all . "
all this gracious living isn ' t for me ;  i prefer the simple life . 
when may we hope to be set free ? 
we ' re gonna need accurate scans on every column . 
"under the agreement ,  macau exported goods worth 24 . 2 million patacas to china by the end of may of this year . "
"however pure radio ,  that carried out the survey ,  can provide access to birdsong as one of 365 alarm tones available . "
"fs - 90 furan resin daub and 2130 phenolic resin daub could meet the requirements of operating conditions , but their anticorrosive properties needed to be tested further . "
"the elections last saturday were for four contests ,  the presidency ,  parliament ,  senate and local government . "
"there is no single right answer ,  but take the time and use the resources available to find the right answer for you . "
"because i wanted to cause you some physical pain ,  but i have never actually hit anybody in the face . "
we ' re going to win because we don ' t have an agenda . 
dad ' s arrogance made him conveniently oblivious to the pain he caused . 
"it ' s not unusual for her to get two hundred and fifty bites in a few minutes ,  she explained the other day ,  with blasé good humor . "
"u íge ,  angola ,  18 aug–a refrigerated warehouse for inland fishing resources ,  with a capacity to store 1 , 000 tonnes of fish ,  was opened saturday in negage ,  37 kilometres to the northeast of the angolan city of u íge ,  by the country ' s fisheries minister ,  salom ão xirimbimbi . "
"nobody is talking about entrusting the safety of the nation to a machine ,  for god ' s sake ! "
"theoretically this should be fine since the trunk is the done branch and the definition of done is  "" releasable  ""  . "
is he dull or the what ? 
"keeps my head on my shoulders ,  which is more than i can say for my cousins . "
many of the ghosts do no consider peeves to be a ghost .  he causes no end of trouble and delights in mayhem and chaos . 
"as representative for humanity ,  you do not want to suffer .  no sense in bleeding to death over the course of several days pinned underneath a mountain of rubble . "
"they tell me you ' re a man with ,  true grit . "
"in contrast ,  it said ,  the “widespread loss of momentum  [ in emerging economies ]  makes for sluggish near - term growth prospects for the world economy” . "
 #  but they always wanted somehow  # 
the sci  -  fi classic star wars has many cool special effects . 
he will not exit that bank alive . 
"bernard de grunnè ,  a belgian specialist in african sculpture ,  chose to celebrate the southern sudanese vote for secession by exhibiting a group of monumental bongo statues in wood  ( pictured above )  . "
"there was the mother ,  the grandmother ,  the best friend  -  - "
"greg :  oh no !  look here ,  people have been stubbing their cigarettes out on the sofa . "
the sunseeker project is still in many ways a sealing - wax - and - string operation . 
"unable to answer ,  we walked the rest of the way in silence . "
"it started with a very rare snowstorm ,  the first there in decades ,  but then rain and rising waters knocked out power . "
"when carlos greene worked in retirement planning for a major mutual fund company ,  none of his colleagues knew that he was carrying nearly  $ 40 , 000 on five different credit cards . "
"yet i remain unpersuaded that the structural solution – the separation of utility from casino finance – is workable ,  as i pointed out in a column on the “narrow banking” proposal of my colleague ,  john kay . "
"egyptian prosecutors have launched an investigation against a well - known television political satirist bassem youssef ,  accusing him of insulting president mohammed morsi . "
"today ,  vassili zaitsev shot his 23rd german officer . "
and a lot of my architectural ideas that came from it  -  - 
"they were actually modeled on hotrod motorcycles of the 1960s , "
"or in many cases ,  the teacher has only a fifth - grade education , "
because her machine doesn ' t work when there ' s no power . 
too bad we don ' t live in the same city . 
if only insurers could stealthily gather a few titbits about their potential policyholders’ consumption habits . 
his brothers certainly were able to run long distances
"in macau ' s casinos ,  vip baccarat provided revenues of 79 . 834 billion patacas or 66 . 88 percent of all gambling revenues ,  with both varieties of baccarat–vip baccarat and baccarat–providing revenues of 105 . 332 billion patacas ,  or 88 . 24 percent of the total . "
"now ,  marked by assured brush strokes and the use of fractured light .   .  .  . makes this painting a wonderful exampleof a very brief .   .  .  . but influential time period known asthe northern french naturalist movement . "
and we would hand off from actor to actor . 
"it has one double bond ,  it has an alcohol on the end , "
"ethnic minority pupils are storming ahead ,  thanks partly to tutors"
"in the part of the auto - segmentation and auto - location of the vehicle licence ,  we use the method based on the idea of two dimention color histogram . "
it was like a scene out of a horror movie . 
i can ' t yell responsibility and turn my back on a neighbor who needs help . 
they ' il be time for that at the old place . 
"some procedural approach adopted by non  -  normal means ,  is hard to maintain 6 . "
" ( applause .  )  on a chilly sunday in lebanon’s bekaa valley ,  lebanese and syrian children are busily making puppets . "
whilst on trial he stated his lack of feelings as he was “just following orders ” . 
"but now ,  you don ' t have to have the animal itself to regenerate , "
"in the illustration above ,  the limiting magnitude has been set to 8 . "
because you can lead a horse to water but you can ' t make him drink . 
sean :  hunt ' s target will be the chimera stored and manufactured at biocyte on the 42 nd floor . 
what i ' m saying is that we should follow the model
"when i began to cough ,  i blamed it on the austrian cigarettes . "
the un says this is the biggest loss of life in the gulf of aden since february last year when 57 somali migrants drowned . 
"rb :  no ,  but i was going to move on this . "
"she recommends plain old vaseline and a band - aid .  some patients prefer the texture of aquaphor ,  an ointment which dr .  bowe says also works well .  the more ingredients in a moisturizer ,  she says ,  the greater the chance it can cause an allergic reaction .  it is also very important to keep a healing wound out of the sun to prevent discoloration . "
three years ago she was in braces . 
the temple is situated on a hilltop in the state ' s bilaspur district . 
the struggling for knowledge hath a pleasure in it that of wrestling with a fine woman . 
every weakly compact closed convex set in a locally convex space has the quasi  -  weak drop property . 
but donations come only when the bonds are strong and the network is big . 
in that glorious presentation by dean kamen a few days ago . 
currently the company that will design the software and all the technical aspects of producing a secure and computerised visa is being chosen . 
"us president barack obama ' s chief of staff ,  says officials are looking at the nation ' s strategic oil reserves ,  as they mull over options ,  for dealing with a spike in gas prices . "
flushing toxins out of your body with plenty of fluids will often keep you from breaking out as well . 
put just that wrist on the other side of that incision . 
"it turned out that in 1967 ,  38 percent was mandatory spending"
"on march 28 th ,  your correspondent managed to enter the country ,  gaining lithuanian visa 0001 . "
"this article describes the working principle , test methods and service requirments of sealed nicad battery for electric moped . "
"but when it ' s left unmanaged ,  it can wreak havoc on our mental and physical health . "
"this year ,  soares da costa ' s main projects are concentrated on the capital ,  luanda ,  and include the new headquarters of state oil company sonangol ,  as part of a consortium with south african builder grinaker lta . "
then stop pushing like you ' re one of them . 
and don ' t stayout all day with your lay about friends
"you know i have a girlfriend ,  randal . "
"as the map is mainly made for the use in land planning and earthquake resistant design of moderate - and small - sized engineering projects , the stan -  dard of anti - seismic design takes the probability of exceedance as 10 %  within 50 years . "
let ' s gut the son of a bitch . 
a series of movies will be shown to commemorate the 30th anniversary of his death . 
"you know what ,  i never saw james bond .  .  .  in rats or poop ,  let alone rats and poop . "
"okay ,  now replay this scene now ,  and you ' re approaching the one who has language . "
"however ,  ifyou should decide to stop being selfish .  .  .  and accept your responsibility .  .  .  you won´t be alone . "
"nevertheless ,  this research ,  he says ,   "" suggests that we can keep track of rates at which groundwater reserves are dwindling the world over . "
"just 38 districts of a total 128 remain to be connected to the grid and are due for connection by 2015 ,  a target that namburete gave assurances would be met . "
he appeared to have a brilliant plan : 
the principal came down hard on the boys for breakin the window . 
"no matter how the user styles that section ,  you work with the organization of the page itself . "
"as the paper notes ,  the fact that some managers lost a great deal of money does not demonstrate they were foolish to make these bets ,  since their upside was so huge . "
"i tell you ,  it ' s not all that easy to find . "
"although one ageing but spirited opposition leader ,  l . k . advani ,  has urged the government to quit and call a fresh election ,  nobody elseseemed keen . "
"but i wanted my door ,  i thought it would be cool if my door went up"
"he wasn ' t the cleverest member of the committee ,  but he always gave of his best—a hard worker with sincere intentions . "
in the experimental group than in the control group  -  -  70 versus 9 percent . 
"she had written the lyrics during her 40 - minute bus commute from geneva out to the lab ,  so kate and her brave colleagues went down to the huge magnet to film the video . "
the girl don ' t even realise how miserable she is . 
"fed officials repeated that they probably can keep raising the federal funds rate ,  the overnight rate charged between banks ,  at a measured pace in the months to come . "
i completely rewired the house so that paul can reach all the switches . 
and it turns out that these are quite remarkable for safety . 
"is that while we閳ユ獧e making all these huge advancements , "
the answer is found in the dynamics of walking . 
"early this month the company announced that prospective drilling at the rei solomao project in mozambique ' s tete province indicated the presence of significant amounts of copper ,  gold and silver . "
people accept a lot of pain if everybody ' s going through the chute together . 
"but here ,  peter colt .  .  .  who hasn ' t beaten atop - 10 player in the past two years ,  remember .  .  .  is at 5 - 4 ,  three points from winning the match . "
it ' s gonna be a hundred and something degrees . 
"economic savings ,  consistent with a conserving society and the public philosophy . "
it is right to say that if applyed reasonably it can bring into play its institutional functions and better regulate social life . 
"there is always the question :  are we overthinking this ?  maybe we ' ve complicated a simple act to the point that risk has overtaken reward ,  and it ' s just not worth the effort .  some would say it ' s a lamentable loss of human connection .  as someone who believes that we call it personal space for a reason ,  i ' m ok with that . "
you sure you wanna eat all that ? 
"gang ding a lake ,  reed problems ,  form a ring  -  down grass . "
one of the greatest achievements at pixar was that we brought these two cultures together and got them working side by side . 
"and in the cottage gardens of willey green ,  currant - bushes were breaking into leaf"
but it serve well as an example with which we can show how to do service analysis and modeling in the next article . 
the policeman decided to play cat and mouse when he saw the woman steal the dress in the store . 
"actually ,  i thought the first two renditions were far more compelling . "
i didn ' t realize my skin could bruise that quickly . 
those who hope that the negro needed to blow off steam and will now be content will have a rude awakening if the nation returns to business as usual . 
"age 60 ,  i said i love you ,  you smiled and gave me a fist ,  “my old man !  the grandchild has grown up ,  you are still loquacious ! "
"are totally developer - driven .  they told us the dimensions ,  the sizes and so forth"
"treating irregular menstruation 12 cases with dai nationality medicine xiangshayimu decoction .  the result is that 9 cases are cured , 2 cases have obvious effect , one case has no effect , the total effective rate is 91 . 67 %  . "
any connections acquired from this data source will have a transaction isolation level set to repeatable _ read . 
president bush says one of the most important ways the united states can demonstrate its support for colombia is approving the free - trade agreement to support security in the western hemisphere and ensure a level playing field for u . s .  products . 
"this compound ,  this receptor ,  whatever it is that ' s controlling these"
"it ' s from the game world of warcraft with more than 10 million players globally , "
objective probe into the current situation and developing trend of ranitidine in china . 
"just say ,   "" you ' re close ,  ""  or something like that ,  and i ' ll try and figure out the answer  -  - "
they need this to work or their health system dies . 
"i tried to jump up ,  but could not stir a limb ;  and so yelled aloud ,  in a frenzy of fright . "
"third ,  the romans had no impact on the language or culture of ordinary britons . "
"when you have a road - map to your end - goal ,  it makes the daily grind to get there much more fun .  instead of slogging through another day at the office ,  you are building towards your end goal .  if you stay on the path ,  and regularly redefine your goals to keep things fresh ,  you can truly have an amazing career . "
what means the word your captain uses : 
"mrs . chen now intends to engage in further study of infrared spectroscopy , and laser spectroscopy in particular . "
"i1 -  cosh window function is a good approximation of dolph - chebyshev ,  whereas its expression can be given explicitly in time domain as well as in frequency domain .  therefore ,  it is more convenient for use than dolph - chebyshev .  its properties are investigated . "
between the sea and the railroad tracks was completely swept away . 
president robert mugabe launched his re - election campaign on sunday accusing tsvangirai of extensive political violence . 
"so ,  the technology ,  you know ,  isn ' t the most exciting thing here right now , "
"dyestuff is the main component used in the medium for preparing compact storage disc ,  for recordable compact disc the near - infrared absorbing dye is employed ,  and for rewriteable compact disc the suitable dyes are diarylethenes ,  fulgides ,  spirooxazine and etc . "
"of developing countries is extremely doubtful .  we think about aid ,  like"
may i tell mr .  hansen the reason for your call ? 
we have to make our intensions manageable by detailing the specific steps that will carry us to our goal . 
lonrho said it believed that wide - scale infrastructure development in angola had led to greater consumption of construction materials than the existing capacity of the angolan market . 
and it is a completely hostile environment for us . 
we still have nothing to go on . 
"some  $ 85 billion in automatic spending cuts will kick in friday unless congress and the obama administration can agree on an alternate plan to reduce the deficit .   "" sequestration ,  ""  as it ' s called ,  was initially agreed upon as a threat to force lawmakers to reach a compromise .  but u . s .  federal reserve chairman ben bernanke warned tuesday that without a deal soon ,  the massive spending cuts pose a significant threat to the u . s .  recovery . "
"hurry ,  run or we won ' t get away ! "
who put the cameras in this place ? 
"the discs do not slow acceleration because they are so light ,  and they do make this bike look sharp . "
"on one side ,  bellow extends the creative spaces of realist literature by thinking democratically from the level of existentialism and adopting various modern creation techniques ,  such as stream of consciousness ,  black humor ,  and so on ,  to explore the fate of humans in modern civilization ,  and thinking of the relationship between people and society ,  people and people ,  and people and oneself ; "
"if one person in a pair engages in an external conversation through their phone ,  his or her companion may feel excluded .  that companion then might be compelled to connect with others externally so as not to feel left out . "
tarin had the gun with him . i don ' t understand how . 
my father likes to spend the days in the open air . 
"day by day ,  we are assured by the officials that things will be better soon ,  that  "" we will do our best .  "" "
"“you’ve also got other things , ” he said ,  “you’ve got rising interest rates ,  which tend to be a booster of commodities . u . s .  demand is starting to show real signs of strength . "
any way she could have got access to drugs ? 
"in the end ,  it wears you down . "
make sure that every now and then an entirely new person is created . 
"apropos of nothing ,  like she didn ' t even care about the answer , "
"don ' t bother about it ,  i ' ll worry out the answer . "
and anyone who wants to join me is welcome . 
keep that there and rest for a minute . 
"the latest spat is between thailand and cambodia ,  whose prime minister ,  hun sen ,  went out of his way to antagonise the summit ' s host ,  mr abhisit . "
"the company was named  "" apple ""  in part because apples are his favorite food . "
"quoted by angolan news agency angop ,  shibata said he was concerned with the current poor state of repair of namibe port ,  particularly in the container area ,  and said it was urgent that repair take place . "
"like china ' s own yuan dynasty  ( 1271 - 1368 )  dramas ,  shakespeare was grounded in the grassroots ,  according to yang zao ,  a beijing - based literary researcher .   "" if we present only the so - called faithful versions ,  they would attract a very limited audience .  the west has taken great strides in breathing new life into these classics ,  and we should know how to learn from them and explore what is eternal in his work .  shakespeare is a cultural resource we should both respect and explore .  "" "
that has the right shape to produce this kind of effect . 
 -  than it ever had .  and i wanted to make  -  - 
it tries to balance the two extremes of the id and the superego . 
"they later sell these “clones” ,  sometimes to the firms on which they were modelled . "
"the 37 - year - old ' s missive became it ' s own internet meme and the second all - time most shared post in china with over 600 , 000 reshares . "
i won ' t allow the evacuation of my office . 
"and their lovely wives ,  deborah and gayla . "
"the board hung above theradiator ,  where wedrapewet rags and mittens dripping with snow ,  in the warmest spot in the kitchen . "
the analysis to the crackle of the high - intensityand no - shrink grouting - material
this nation owes you a huge debt . 
"so ,  we ' ve invented ourselves .  of all the animals that we have domesticated , "
to study the relation between the quantity of fecal bifidobacteria and erythrocyte immunological function diarrhoeal children . 
"meantime ,  we have explained the pressure build - up data of example horizontal wells by means of the match method of chart and analysis method of characteristic values ,  and acquired reliable results . "
but the literary talk is constantly being interrupted by the smaller things of life and these wonderfully human documents are an appealing mix of the bookish and the everyday . 
history is a tale told by the victors who are the victors ? 
"when inheritance is set on a directory ,  all new files created in this directory are encrypted by default . "
but that was just her first husband . 
and that ' s it .  those are the four jobs of the street trees . 
how well these functions that we would agree on
"third ,  we should respect each other ' s sovereignty ,  territorial integrity and development interests and properly address each other ' s major concerns . "
the cowboy got all dressed up in his best bib and tucker to go to the dance . 
"the microblog population has reached critical mass in china zhang added ,  with users in the critical 30 to 40 age group increasing quickly . "
"without old huang ,  linlin could not have been an early bloomer . "
"all that could be heard was birdsong ,  the lowing of cattle ,  the bleating of sheep ,  the occasional chime of a village church bell .  .  .  and a strange squeaking noise . "
you haul my ass out into the middle of nowhere .  .  .  and expect me to just jump on the first plane back ? 
we used to go to the movies about once a week . 
"now ,  tom stall is a family man .  .  .  with longstanding ties to this community . "
"the market economy fast developing in today ,  essence and function of the currency take place the variation ,  the currency become "" the whole value common denominators ""  ,  make the persons living world turn into materialization and value commensuration ,  thus explaining the "" belief crisis ""  and lose criterion of the emotion worlds of modem people . "
the envoys had been trying to reach agreement on a proposal to present to iran for resuming negotiations on its nuclear programs . 
it uses that beautiful distributed foot to make it as if those obstacles are not even there  -  - 
"from the moment that i met you .  .  .  as soon as your son became aware of it ,  he made it his mission to split us up . "
the catch -  22 of his administration was that every grandiose improvement scheme began with community dismemberment ( village voice ) 
barb ' s cheerleading is interfering with her work . 
"go ,  go ,  go ,  go ,  go ,  go ,  go ,  go ! "
"and whatever they were doing just before they got the reward , "
"i strike off the heads of the wicked ,  and i notice that my axe is tingling to do so . "
multi  -  source download also available to increase your download speed . 
" ' do you mean that ?   '  -   ' of course i do ,  michael . "
mr .  wayne didn ' t want you to thinkhe was deliberately wasting your time . 
"for guaranteeing the second party ' s inner part to back to keep behind of basic life ,  through a ,  b both parties negotiate consistently ,  signing this agreement . "
"maputo ,  mozambique ,  sept 18 –edf man holdings ,  the biggest world sugar distributor ,  will inaugurate a new sugar silo in december at the port of maputo to strengthen its export capacity from southern africa ,  a company source has announced . "
that day we made a pinky swear never to admit we crossed ebola with the common cold . 
it ' s the only profession where you have to believe in the future . 
"earlier ,  the justice minister jeff radebe asked prosecutors to explain the murder charges as karen allen reports from johannesburg . "
"as slow and antiquated as it may seem ,  the vast majority of the world ' s goods are transported by sea ,  making ships absolutely essential to the smooth functioning of the global economy . "
what mr .  cobb is trying to say
"then ,  stovall uses his artistic skills to translate that work into a print version . "
think about internal travel :  it can be cheaper to book internal flights at the same time as booking your rtw ticket . 
"after i had given her some money ,  she looked into a crystal ball and said :   "" a relation of yours is coming to see you . "
study on extraction techniques of dietary fiber from laminaria japonica
there ' s an after  -  school program for kids in grade school summer camps as well . 
the pair redeemed themselves in some style 10 minutes into the second half . 
it is only necessary to call to mind the best of the old commentaries and interpretations of the book . 
i managed to make it to 17 without a criminal record . 
"and i think that  -  -  that ' s not really surprising though ,  is it ? "
"rapidly solidified high temperature aluminum alloy aa8009  ( al - 8 . 9fe - 1 . 3v - 1 . 7si )  is a kind of lightweight structure materials with high specific strength ,  high specific stiffness and excellent heat - resistance .  it is able to be applied to the aerospace and aircraft industries instead of some of titanium alloys or steels which are usually used at the temperature range of 150 ~ 350℃ . "
don ' t send or forward junk e - mail  ( commonly referred to as spam )  . 
"finally ,  china mobile could establish a toehold in the u . s .  market as an mvno .  though it ' s small potatoes for a wireless giant like china mobile -  -  which has three times the number of subscribers to att and verizon combined -  -  the establishment of even a small presence in north america could pay dividends in the long run .   "" china mobile has advantages in serving consumers and businesses that have a connection to china ,  ""  gartner ' s shen says . "
russia appears to be rising doldrums and a new russian middle class is beginning to emerge . 
"the jesuits in a phase of ascendancy ,  persecuted and insulted the buddhists with great acrimony . "
why sleep with boys you aren ' t going to marry ? 
"then feel free ,  you can post them to twitter . "
"method it use survey forms of anxiety - depression in general hospital and homemade inventories of relative knowledge about laparoscope to make a survey for 56 patients who plan to take laparoscopic cholecystectomy with general anesthesia ,  and dispose the data statistically . "
then we had 13 wooden steps down into the basement . 
here are few strategies i ' ve developed for effective late rising . 
he had slept a long while :  the rich sun was almost straight overhead . 
i want you to spread the fame of my name through every land . 
"there are many risk factors for stroke ,  such as high blood pressure ,  obesity and smoking .  these risks factors can be changed ,  but family history cannot ,  they added . "
i know what happened with the shoes . 
"a spokesman for police in belgium ,  who had been on the brink of launching a hunt for ms moreau after being alerted by her son ,  said :  ' this is an incredible story . "
"therefore ,  this thesis attempts to develop reverberation chambers to evaluate antenna ' s efficiency . "
but there is one thing that is particularly remarkable
"founded in 2004 ,  national investment bank is a commercial and investment bank owned by the mirpuri group . "
"hanna says she wants to try her “hand at poker . ” the expression to try your hand ,  “hand , ” at something means to do something for the first time ,  often when we are talking about a game . "
and the last point i want to make is zipcar would never be possible without technology . 
they ' re dishing up the usual arguments in a new form . 
that means that pigs also share diseases with us . 
"bankia ,  which was part - nationalised a week ago ,  denied spanish media reports that it had lost more than  $ 1bn of deposits in recent days . "
forty years ago they turned against a leftish elite trying to boss them around ;  now they have had to endure a right - wing version . 
but who is going to pay for all this ? 
"due to the unremitting efforts of the leaders of the two countries ,  a frightful was disaster was avoided . "
"the boy has a rare and potentially fatal condition called long segment congenital tracheal stenosis ,  in which patients are born with an extremely narrow airway . "
and i think richard wurman discovered this at least 20 years before i did  -  - 
cnn -  -  american astronauts will not return to the moon as planned if congress passes president obama ' sproposed budget . 
"a fare is payment for a trip on a bus ,  ship ,  taxi or train . "
"if we pull all the way back ,  we start seeing the entire galaxy here , "
"yes ,  but -  -   - then you did the right thing . "
you got to talk him down ! 
"we should be up and running in ,  say ,  six to nine months . "
the manager said that any company would be lucky if they could get me to work for them – a back  -  handed compliment if ever i heard one ! 
"while that figure is a fraction of the cost faced by other nations in the adb scenario ,  the bank argues that expenditures should be considered relative to how much a country would have spent on infrastructure without climate change .  in other words ,  the bank tried to estimate how much each country ' s bill will rise . "
"capital operation is a newly emerging thing in china ' s capital market .   "" "
so it took about three months to find that error
pagewalker is a recursive or to substituting pages asp .  net control tree structure . 
"just then ,  the gaoler appeared with the precious letter in his hands . "
"fundamentally ,  these prophecies backfired for the same reason  - failure to look into the hearts of a number of very common people . "
the financial asset term price is more volatile when the irrational trading behavior is more serious . 
"“the total workforce required is still unknown but we think that in an initial stage it will be 200 workers and then it will go up ,  to at least 600 ,  ”the same source added . "
was literally a dream come true for many of us . 
"you say you ' re feeling uneasy ,  and you should be !  despite what you may think ,  you don ' t have much in common with your romanian friend .  he ' s old enough to be your father ,  he comes from a completely different culture ,  and ,  as with all relationships based entirely on internet exchanges ,  you don ' t really know each other at all . "
knowledge and information are becoming the most valuable assets to a company while raw goods are becoming less and less valuable . 
"if you wanted to see bionic arms or legs in action ,  you used to have to look back to 1970s television shows or star wars movies . "
"the g - 20 meeting was held amid a continuing drumbeat of unsettling economic news around the world .  last week ,  germany officially slipped into recession ,  while more americans filed for unemployment benefits ,  and china ' s projections for economic growth were cut . "
"but the hegemony of early television ,  with those three channels ,  is a distant memory .  no one can take the public ' s attention for granted today ;  first the advent of cable television fragmented viewing patterns ,  and then came the boundless internet ,  followed by the creative forces that provide the content for all those little personal screens .  apple offers around 700 ,  000 separate applications ,  as does google .  a lot of ways to pass the time ,  in a nation with a twitching concentration span . "
"and yet ,  look at the number of prescriptions that are being sold . "
"in august 2012 ,  nasa landed the rover curiosity on mars . "
"further ,  there is a specialized metadata server in the thvss which is responsible to manage ,  configure and deploy storage resources ; "
"well ,  they pressed charges ,  but he plead out and resigned . "
"perhaps the most interesting change ,  however ,  was the introduction of ‘moveable aerodynamics ’ ,  with the driver able to make limited adjustments to the front wing from the cockpit during a race . "
i promised to your father i ' d bring you back here . 
"she says american investment banks have made excessive loans ,  which created a real estate bubble and made the lenders insolvent on bad debt .  that ,  she says ,  is similar to what happened in south korea ,  where enterprises borrowed excessively to chase bad investments . "
"according to banco mais ,  the acquisition is in line with its internationalization strategy .  the group currently operates in portugal ,  spain ,  hungary ,  slovakia and is currently setting up in poland . "
"however ,  even notoriously stoic judge nina garcia would be forced to be impressed with the bells and whistles on this outfit . "
"as i was saying ,  she stumbled upon a solution whereby 99 percent of subjects .   .   .   .   .   . accepted the program ,  as iong as theywere given a choice .   .   .   .   .   . even if they were only awareof the choice at a near unconscious ievel . "
"but the boomerang nebula ' s expansion creates a kind of cosmic refrigerator ,  allowing the gases to maintain their unusual cool . "
the united states and australia have reaffirmed their alliance in the first high - level meeting between the two countries since the installation of the new kevin rudd government in december .  u . s .  defense secretary robert gates and deputy secretary of state john negroponte met saturday in canberra with australian foreign affairs minister stephen smith and defense minister joel fitzgibbon . 
"today ,  the price of oil ,  deflated by the unit value of exports from the high - income countries ,  is higher than it has been since the beginning of the 20th century . "
"for i could wish that i myself were accursed and separated from christ for the sake of my brothers ,  my kin according to the flesh . "
the method was sucessfully applied to calculate the complete dispersion relation and couple impedance of tmon modes in a coaxial corrugated wall waveguide . 
this article will no doubt come in for a great deal of criticism . 
"i snatched it away ,  however ,  and seized his arm . "
"the nature of his contribution is to open the school gates to the grassroots ,  and his unabated motive power of supporting free private school education takes roots in the cultural spirits of traditional chinese hu manitarian ideology ; "
"i just wanted to make a toast to our donor ,  roland . "
"with inferno ,  dan has taken a literary classic and animated it in a way that only he can . ——sonny mehta ,  doubleday publishing . "
we ' ve been told for 40 years already that they ' re coming soon . 
so all i need from you is the password . 
"there are 34 ,  050 logging workers in the u . s .  – including fallers ,  logging equipment operators ,  log graders and scalers ,  and others — and they make  $ 35 ,  149 a year ,  on average . "
" "" we are concerned about development of long - range cruise and ballistic missiles .  we ' re concerned about anti - satellite technology ,  execution thereof .  we ' re concerned about area - denial weapons ,  ""  he said . "
"they knew that a society could never be truly progressive if women do not equal legal and voting rights ,  and fill rights over their own bodies ,  including birth control and abortion . "
i also believe that slactivism on an individual level will either diminish or give birth to more conscious and active participation in the work of making a difference . 
"she was one to be listened to ,  whose words were so easy to take to heart . "
"the manual includes information designating the components of the seminar ,  sample agendas ,  and logistical considerations . "
"this definitely looks photoshopped but actually it ' s a life -  size photographic work based on the original building in paris ,  printed on canvas ,  enhanced with bas  -  relief . "
"no ,  i don ' t have time for this . "
the study concluded that variety was the most important thing – which perhaps explains why the list also includes 68 minutes exercising and 36 minutes working . 
"statusbar item available for all browsers ,  and firefox users get a toolbar item as well . "
with some of the leading athletes in the world . 
i haven ' t a ghost of a chance of getting the job . 
the results indicate that selecting appropriate constitutive parameters of helix can depress the reflectance of chiral materials efficiently . 
"furthermore ,  graduate students may quickly be promoted to the rank of sergeant . "
the american men are ranked third in the world behind volleyball powerhouse brazil and russia .  their next olympic match is on tuesday against italy . 
and you can see most of the action is in the kitchen . 
that doesn ' t mean you can ' t take action to affect the outcome of your life . 
but it ' s okay for your son to push a little girl down ? 
"for that one blistering summer ,  the ground moisture was just right ,  planting early allowed pollination before heat withered the tops ,  and the lack of rain spared the standing corn from floods . "
all i did was .  .  .  was help himtransport it back to the states . 
doctor adam gazzaley is a neurologist .  he says the experiments combined neuroscience with modern technology - gaming and the virtual world . 
"this is the number one answer that we get from growers , "
"despite the monumental difficulties involved ,  chinese people will undoubtedly exhibit their indefatigable resilience and achieve great success in both regards . "
" "" had my first ‘recognized by a stranger '  moment at the airport ,  ""  mcdonald tweeted saturday . "
"fico  ( fico )  is a case in point .  on the one hand ,  if you apply there ,  your experience with econometric modeling and basic programming could come in handy .   "" we usually hire people with some quant background ,  from pure math and engineering to statistics to econometric models ,  ""  says jennings ,  whose own background is in econometrics .   "" it also helps to be able to write enough code to link data sets together . "
the layout and color of the human  -  machine interface in gcs simulation system was designed . 
about the size of a fist .  .  .  it provides the motor power for the circulatory system . 
"when this rain comes and the water starts filling this tank , "
"seventeen luxuriously and tastefully decorated private rooms on the fourth floor ,  with superior visual facilities including international movies ,  it is ideal for business meeting and banquets . "
you ' ve got crap on your face . 
"consequently ,  when the latin american seems to be leaning too close ,  the north american complains of  "" invasion of his space .  "" "
the reports include when the bough breaks  ( on child protection )  ;  the ready or not ! 
"taste receptors are actually located in a variety of places on the fly ' s body ,  but its primary taste organ is called the labellum . "
conclusion findings from this research suggests that the problem of cea by parents is common .  parents '  humiliating experience by their own parents / guardians or / and teachers was a risk factor of emotional maltreatment to their own children . 
"charles elachi :  now ,  moving from the play stuff to the serious stuff , "
the dog was a better mailman than i was ! 
"and in that spirit ,  i want to spring on you all a pop quiz . "
"hey ,  it ' s you and me against the world ,  right ? "
i think it ' s a chance for people to get to play with crayons
infants born of mothers who have received substantial doses of fludrocortisone acetate during pregnancy should be carefully observed for signs of hypoadrenalism . 
because we won ' t be here .  but if we are  -  - 
"after meeting with countless complications and difficulties ,  we have found a way that has made it possible for us to meet the needs of the war effort ,  protect the people ' s interests ,  cripple the enemy ' s plundering scheme and prepare for counter - offensives and postwar reconstruction . "
"when this business was first introduced into mainland china in the early 1990s ,  it has attracted wide attention and some people took it as the  "" last opportunity in the 20th century to make a fortune  .  "" "
"in front of an audience studded with hollywood celebrities ,  obama and clinton highlighted their differences ,  as both promised a change from the bush administration . "
"according to this a novel quickly re - router model based on mpls is presented , which mace use of links between working path and backup path  ( reduced the chance of lost packet )  as model to make the traffic in shorter path and avoid grouping disorder and longer delay caused by haskin model , and more loss of data packages makam model caused was avoided ,  at the same time , decrease the reserved resources used by brige model . "
"baby ,  you ' ve gotta try this mind eraser . "
membership of the club is restricted to men only . 
she came to the party in all the bravery of her new dress . 
d :  never mind .  approximately 90 %  of patient with low back pain have good to excellent outcomes with nonoperative management . 
"“hydrocephalus is literally a medical word that means water on the brain .  it is the most common reason that a child would need to have neurological surgery , ” he said . "
i can ' t presume to be worthy then i will support you
you get a special thank you for bringing food . 
"i know you ' re upset about not getting the promotion ,  but don ' t take it out on me . "
the physical journeys that colin thubron makes in his travel writing are also intellectual and emotional quests of particular intensity . 
you know that one steve miller song ? 
we believe that many years of our experiences in international trade will undoubtedly meet your requirement . 
"in the paper , to make use of the implicit function theeory ,  a derivative matrix of the eigenvalue function λ = λ ( a 0 + δa )  at the a 0 is given .  it is very convenience to study the rariation for the eigenvalue near a 0 . "
same size as the shoe impressions at the scene . 
"oh ,  i know when the coconut ' s about to fall . "
robustness designing is a new quality  -  oriented method used to improve robustness in products . 
and you can install this in your hive and replace that dead - out . 
and i think anja believe that until to the very end and that desire to do that line of work ultimately cost her life . 
"both the uk and china are great nations .  we both have a time - honored history and each has created a splendid past .  now ,  both countries are determined to ride the tide of the times and seek new changes .  as the english poet percy shelley wrote ,   "" man cannot make occasions ,  but he may seize those that offer .  ""  similarly ,  the famous chinese writer su shi of the song dynasty remarked that  "" when your turn comes ,  seize it ;  and when opportunity knocks at the door ,  grab it ,  or it will slip away ""  .  china and the uk ,  the east and the west ,  developing countries and developed ones alike ,  should seize opportunities ,  meet challenges together ,  and build a better world through inclusive development . "
"although he was not in possession of very high academic qualifications ,  he did not allow his sparkle to be dimmed .  later on ,  he became a highly - respected senior administrative officer in the government and diplomat . "
and wouldn ' t even have been visible on such a curve . 
in design and quality of manufacture they were outclassed by the italians . 
you go there to write to him ? 
"when mrs inglis ,  who was doing a nursing diploma ,  was assured that her brain - damaged son was not in pain ,  she asked :   "" how do they know ?  ""  she is alleged to have refused to believe an encouraging prognosis from one of the doctors at queen ' s hospital ,  romford ,  and to have seen only  "" horror ,  pain and tragedy ""  in his condition . "
almost eighty - five percent of america ' s young adults have finished high school . 
"i spent a few days photographing children in different countries , "
experiments on semi solid slurry forming were carried out by practical electromagnetic stirring continuous casting method . 
lucky i don ' t break out the bug spray . 
the sky people are coming… … to destroy hometree
the driver who said he was paid  $ 500 to deliver the cubs to the border with laos faces charges of illegal possession and trafficking of an endangered species . 
"airbus also said that china ' s fleet of passenger planes would triple over the next 20 years ,  from 760 aircraft at the end of 2005 to 2 , 700 in 2025 . "
teenagers often idle away their free time on the intenet . 
is by making grooves in the top of the pinhead . 
we ' il put him in here in the shu . 
altogether galileo will have 50 earth - bound stations and 30 satellites in orbit . 
"but we did go into all the surrounding buildings that had been evacuated , "
actually i just came by  ' cause i had something i had to say to you . 
"california ' s b corp legislation took effect alongside a new law creating the  "" flexible purpose company ""   ( flexc )  ,  which allows a firm to adopt a specific social or environmental goal ,  rather than the broader obligations of a b corp .  another option in america is the low - profit limited - liability  ( lc3 )  company ,  which can raise money for socially beneficial purposes while making little or no profit . "
"there are a few reasons ,  says xu jing ,  executive principal of the kangqiao kindergarten affiliated to the china welfare institute  ( cwi )  in shanghai . "
"right ?  ln the end ,  you never do anything i ask and pretend things are all different . "
i saw an art  - house movie last night but it wasn ' t very good  -  there were no car chases in it at all ! 
"and above all ,  don ' t let him give these self - serving ,  23 - minute homilies . "
"d .  h .  lawrence ,  the author of ' sons and lovers  ""  ,  died in 1930 . "
"luckily ,  i dropped out before the deal turned sour . "
"words like exit ,  stop ,  find ,  save ,  that kind of thing , "
"a policy - level dialogue that links 15 western hemisphere governments and societies that collectively seek to empower small businesses ,  facilitate trade and regional competitiveness , "
"so i guess it ' s just the susan b .  anthony ,  then ,  again . "
"now mind you ,  i want to maintain some divisions , "
"oh ,  shipmates and world  -  mates ,  all round !  we the people suffer many abuses . "
"the phenomenon of “naked” resignation shows the younger generation downplays the importance of payment or job security and pays more attention to happiness in work ,  said analysts . "
"when you take a new guy to meet your folks ,  don ' t prime him by comparing how your exes fared with your family - especially if your mom and dad loved someone you previously dated . "
i was 14 and graduating summa cum laude from college . 
you must avoid reporting your lot to others in a hurry or inquiring your counterparts in detail .  otherwise you would scare them off and yourself will be viewed as a big mouth . 
"smalling ' s got it ,  no doubt — at least in terms of big match mentality  ( something else i had previously been doubtful about )  .  no longer . "
by seeking the inwardness which is in all things . 
"never mock or belittle your clients ,  and always keep what is supposed to be confidential ,  confidential . "
"its staffing is expected to increase by more than 1 ,  000 people ,  some 800 just to deal with the reforms ,  to about 4 ,  700 ,  a 36 percent jump from the head count in 2007 ,  before the financial meltdown . "
"sammy stood rooted to the ground ,  bewildered by all that was happening around him ,  and wouldn ' t come although we called and called . "
"in that trial ,  about 2 , 800 elderly participants showed improved memory ,  reasoning and visual processing speed after playing an earlier version of the double decision game ,  said dr .  wolinsky ,  who also worked on that earlier research . "
"if you tell me who this informer is ,  then we can talk about anything you want . "
"and if you blow that up ,  and zoom in 900 times , "
"the next year ,  edward kennedy was elected to the senate seat formerly held by his brother john . "
"the more money you make ,  the more free shit they give you . "
the final two months were a miserable coda to the president ' s first period in office . 
but riches indeed bless that heart whose almoner is benevolence . 
"secondly ,  applying xml modeling to define db operation and fulfill the data operation on multi  -  node . "
"to do this ,  however ,  we need a plan .  so here are my seven steps to overcoming  ( but not curing )  fear of failure . "
and i had to spend much of the year standing
we ' il evacuate broadcast level and return to zion . 
they suspect that birthday - related stress in older people may play a part in the jump in stroke andcardiacdeaths . 
discontinuities in the scanning sequence are indicative of a hardware failure that must corrected before use . 
"somewhere in the palace ,  princess mia ' s getting ready for the ceremony that will change her life forever . "
i can ' t take my mind off you . 
"it is ,  and now he is in behind both of us"
the great difference for women does not come between one to 10 dollars . 
david was in a box because his mother wanted him to stay home and his father wanted him to go shopping . 
why do people pay to go up tall buildings and then put money in binoculars to look at things on the ground ? 
"a :  no ,  thanks ,  we don ' t want dessert .  please bring the bill . "
"where i can be a child again ,  in dances ,  through music . "
because there ' s a lot of old people still living that play that old style . 
i ' m just gonna cock the gun for you . 
"however ,  sherenouncedher title of princess royal in order to further her spiritual pursuits . "
"i made it a year ago .  and just how meanings change , "
"do not set the hard drive as your memory inuse for messaging  ( sms ,  mms )  .  this affectsmessaging performance and battery life . "
this little girl ' s money has fallen in the cellar . 
"and though she had been part of building a liberal party , "
"today sees a pile of chinese data ,  including inflation ,  sales ,  industrial production and growth ,  which is expected to come in at 6 . 8 per cent . "
and something about the time period in the molting cycle . 
"he said many tolerance programs exist ,  but mr blair urged governments to start many more . "
"in this clip i ' m about to show you ,  which has never been seen in the public before , "
"you know when you ' re lying ,  don ' t you ? "
" "" i think obama actually has a chance to do better ,  certainly than the last two democratic presidents ,  jimmy carter and bill clinton ,  both of whom had very rocky starts even though they had democratic congresses ,  ""  said john fortier . "
"and before long ,  they think ,   "" well jeez ,  this is kind of historic . "
"“any campus crime ,  theft included ,  can have a great impact on students’ mindsets , ” said li chen .  “minimizing campus crime is beneficial for students and the future of the country . ”"
"and that is not a very nice feeling to see ,  and i saw it . "
"liu qiang ,  of the henan university student affairs office ,  says that a change in career or study can be a major threat to any relationship . "
"also ,  remember to look for oversized sweaters that you can wear with skinny jeans ,  flat buckled boots ,  and a floppy felt hat . "
"today  "" perfume door ""  in incident ,  miss yy has the suspicion of bilk truly ,  but the mobile phone that we can make public her accordingly and other personal data ,  let her get long ado ? "
"jared ,  what ' s the most important thing that we need to do"
they put up poster all round the town advertising the circus . 
"much of the work was done during edmonton ' s cold snap ,  when the temperature hovered around the  - 25 degree mark . "
"if they figure out how to play it ,  they will hear greetings in 60 earth languages  ( and one whale dialect )  ,  as well as the natural sounds of the planet -  -  thunder clapping ,  frogs croaking and a newborn baby crying . "
"you better make sure you get this ,  mike . "
so it ' s just completely like everybody for themselves . 
" [ ə ]  ,  the schwa sound .  a lot of languages have a schwa .  how do we make it ?  it ' s like i wanted to make a noise without moving anything at all .  uh ,  uh .  as you can see ,  the lips are barely apart ,  the teeth are barely apart ,  the tongue is forward and relaxed ,  the cheek and lips are completely relaxed .  uh . "
"sometimes when we are so caught up in our “problems” ,  we are unable to see any solution ahead or we keep trying to fix everything on the outside ,  when in fact ,  it is the inside that needs a littletweakingas well . "
"so ,  this thing was discovered in the year 2000 , "
"sweetest ,  cutest little goat in the whole world ? "
and you can see here that the flash of light has exactly the same effect . 
nobody ' s having a better day down here because of that . 
is that i could create puzzles that will alter your perception . 
"well ,  if you print it out ,  it looks like a thousand pounds of material"
"for example ,  nyi nyi owns a workshop in rangoon . "
i have endured what no one on earth has endured before . 
hrs and career experts analyze the strength and weakness of each type and to offer corresponding tips . 
"when you feel you are alone in the crowd , "
it is mainly used to control and reduce the excursion and crab angle within given limited time when the aerocraft is following the reference flight path . 
because it can decelerate the speed of food addle . 
after the boys threw the snowballs they saw a large lady bearing down upon them from across the street . 
"the newly appointed special rapporteur on the right to food ,  olivier de schutter blames much of the food crisis on the cultivation of crops for biofuels instead of for food . "
i mean faster than the long way around . 
he says much such work is now under way around the world . 
i saw something in the forest . 
"yeah ,  clean living ,  and keeping all your money under a mattress ,  right ? "
"well ,  mitch ,  it ' s too soon to tell . "
"you have to be sure because when you are going to declare this to all the eligible bachelors and bachelorette in the world ,  you’re sure of it you will not hurt anyone you are dating along the way . "
"maputo ,  mozambique ,  18 jan–construction of the water supply network in the the mozambican cities of chimoio and manica and some towns close by using the chicamba reservoir have been 50 percent concluded ,  mozambican newspaper not ícias reported . "
dr .  dierking in commenting on interactive exhibits .  in recent years museums have become more creative about the way they introduce technology into their exhibits . 
this is the first morning i stayed with her . 
"for the aim of giving proper suggestions for the tension of tendons and its loading system before prodcing and field experiment of full - size beam ,  the simulation analytical method to get variation law of stress ,  strain and deflection in the curse of tensioning tendon are discussed in this paper . "
"s ócrates arrived tuesday in brazil and returns to lisbon saturday after visiting brasilia ,  s ão paulo and rio de janeiro .  he is accompanied by four ministers–lu ís amado ( foreign affairs )  ,  manuel pinho ( economy and innovation )  ,  m ário lino ( tranportation )  and isabel pires de lima ( culture ) –as well as a business delegation . "
girl aged 10 brings her mother back to life thanks to  ' grey ' s anatomy '  techniques
"economists confirm it ,  and they know much more than i do . "
"the icep delegation in shanghai ,  the third in china after beijing and macau ,  is due to open in february . "
we do targeted integrity tests where we believe that an officer or a group of officers are engaged in some sort of serious misconduct or corruption . 
"many genes have been linked with alcoholism ,  several of which are involved in stress responses . "
"however ,  democrats hold the majority in the senate and would never agree . "
objective :  to analyse the existing status of dependence caused by the abuse of non  -  narcotic analgesics . 
"first opened in 1927 , the lot has been in continuous operation for eight decades . "
"nighttime temperatures in the van rarely dropped below 80 degrees fahrenheit ,  making it difficult or impossible to sleep . "
"the sale of the stake to giic itself aimed to“solve differences of opinion ,  ”in managing the company ,  ”cvrd said in a statement . "
factories and cities are more complex organisms self - sufficient villages . 
"it ' s practically an absurd notion on its face - helping to increase profits as a selfless exercise - but that ' s the line bower chose to take ,  and thousands of mckinseyites have absorbed his view . "
novartis said that itis seeking to acquire otc drug firms in china . 
treatment of tobacco leaf with 5 mmol / l salicylic acid  ( sa )  or 1 g / l ethylene induced resistance to black shank and delayed the death of infected plants . 
"georgians say if europe and the united states can muster the political will to stand up to russia ,  and if georgia is soon invited to begin the process of joining nato ,  and if sufficient aid arrives to start the process of rebuilding ,  the outcome of the current crisis could be decidedly positive . "
"come ,  let ' s bringher the ice before she yells . "
do you think this eating has to do with thinking you killed your mother ? 
she ' s been eyeing youthe whole time we ' ve been talking . 
the families and individuals that experience homelessness and the advocates that work so hard on this issue know that we need to act with a renewed sense of urgency . 
"groat acknowledges that it may take a few years to find the oil and begin developing the infrastructure to extract it ,  but he says that oil could be very welcome in a few years if energy prices keep climbing ,  as they surely will given global demand . "
you don ' t want to lose that message or to send it twice by accident . 
"pyongyang postponed the reunions ,  the first since 2010 ,  in september and many feared it would again . "
or a quake on the star ' s surface might have caused the massive eruption of energy . 
and i think that there ' s theories that are beginning to understand
what are you givingme the evil eyes for ? 
"but another part of me thinks what if ,  by some miracle ,  we stay and actually make it out of here ? "
the animal husbandry in this area has developed greatly after liberation . 
"a swimming pool terrace ,  alfresco dining space and outdoor leisure zones are designed within the interstitial zones between the pavilions . "
"while it may be tempting to chase down every possibility when you ' re searching for work ,  don ' t . "
but i ' m not going to build you anything if you don ' t want it . 
"so all these things are determined by the baker , "
almost any day a young porpoise may be seen trying to turn a 300 - pound sea turtle over by sticking his snout under the edge of his shell and pushing up for dear life . 
"a couple of these ended up getting sold through the aquarium trade to japan , "
it gives extra status or importance to the person you are talking to and there are several situations where you might hear it . 
"and yesterday ,  malaysian officials said some files have been deleted from its hard drive . "
"none of your quibbling ,  none of your questioning .  none of your doubts . "
"unfortunately ,  some people who think they can multitask can ' t really ,  and they end up causing an accident . "
"and the trends for those who are at the periphery of our society , "
in this paper we prove that there exist infinitely many deceptive primes n with n≡1 ( mod 4 )  . 
"of course ,  here you don ' t feel the cold ,  or the heat  -  - "
so i ' m putting an end to it . 
"i said this tree had a secret ,  right ? "
the young army officer was promoted to the rank of captain . 
i’il have to stitch this up in my office . 
ruffshodd ' s putting the jersey squeeze on him . 
40 percent of americans can ' t  -  -  either can ' t afford health insurance
the parties hereto irrevocably submit to the non  -  exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of the hksar . 
our worst misfortunes are those which never befall us . 
"about who we wish we were ,  how we wish we could be , "
so what are you guys doing in south beach ? 
i only did it that one time . 
"she thought it was a good idea ,  too ,  didn ' t she ? "
"maputo ,  mozambique ,  02 feb–proposals put forward for any public tenders launched in mozambique must present figures in metical ,  the local currency ,  regardless of the nationality of the competitor ,  independent information bulletin mediafax reported wednesday . "
"open up any electronic device and inside there are circuit boards ,  components and bundles of wire . "
"the remarkable discovery has allowed dinosaur experts to piece together a picture of a diminutive but formidable predator that was so finely tuned to killing they describe it as  "" jaws on legs  ""  . "
"the runoff election campaign has been overshadowed by violence and intimidation ,  especially in rural areas .  human - rights groups say at least 85 people have died and tens of thousands have been displaced from their homes ,  most of them opposition supporters . "
"you ' il explode ,  but you ' il be well fed . "
the entire aid flows to the 60 countries of the bottom billion last year were 34 billion . 
"inside of purple bacterium ,  the people at asu .  even more interesting , "
and there ' s been a tremendous increase in the temperature up there . 
"in doing our work ,  we must pay attention to ways and means . "
have no more trouble imagining its smell than we would have trouble
"the biggest and most natural smiles come out at home ,  where russians laugh and joke like any american would ,  with close friends and family members . "
"on the contrary ,  we illustrate how new technology can pose threats to our safety . "
i want you to imagine that you are an eternal alien
"but i want to turn that upside down for a moment , "
don ' t treat me as a sucker .  i ' ve been cheated once and i ' ll not believe your blarney . 
wang ziji’s roommate was even more frustrated about the constant changing of consultants as none of his consultants handled the handover well . 
 #  i gave my soul to a new religion  # 
"and when they have more money they cement their streets , "
"the mousetrap must contain a solid base to attach the four other parts to ,  a hammer that clamps down on the mouse ,  a spring which gives the hammer the necessary power ,  a holding bar which holds the now energized hammer in position ,  and a catch to which the holding bar is secured ,  holding the hammer in coiled tension . "
it ' s only god who can really put everybody in their place . 
"sao paulo ,  brazil ,  27 jan–sixteen brazilian states and the federal district of brasilia have been authorised to export beef to china ,  according to a statement from the brazilian ambassador to china ,  the brazilian press reported . "
the joint statement on climate change set in motion a process to take stock of our existing cooperative efforts as well as to identify significant new action initiatives . 
"and now ,  all six cups .  should i do it on the first try"
"“we are still working on the final draft of the deal and taking the first steps ( … )  to then make a more wide - ranging deal to carry out direct flights between portugal and china ,  ”he said . "
"so far ,  iran has allowed un nuclear inspectors access only to non - military zones and the iaea chief did not say what might have led the country to this apparent reversal of course . "
because i had to consider it once . 
but other studies have found similar evidence that prolonged inactivity may contribute to diseases like diabetes . 
to fix up these oars so that i could carry on . 
"i ' m always greeted at the end with one particular question , "
can you share with the group one particular grievance that you might have about your job ? 
"something like that only works in theory ,  not in reality . "
"i also love sprouted legumes with lemon juice ,  avocado and almonds . "
"i ' ve got to pretend that i ' m more than i really am ?  "" "
"throw up your chin a moment ,  so that i may catch the profile of your face better . "
i wish you all the best in the process of change . 
"documentation is the most important means to record the work ,  experience and course of the club and is ought to play the role of documentation . "
"why was i doing this building ,  rather than the publishers ? "
"however ,  you can turn on end user logging on a requester pays bucket where the target bucket is a non requester pays bucket . "
"it was the biggest one - day percentage fall since october 1995 ,  underlining the rupee’s position as one of the world’s worst performing currencies this year . "
can ' t think about what ' s going on down there . 
"in ottawa ,  canadian prime minister jean chretien said canada would consider the feasibility to join an american - led attack on iraq . "
"that would correspond to about 50 megabytes of data , "
"as for public toilets ,  bring your own tissue .  three months from now ,  u . "
and who could forget the layered milk  -  chocolate  - colored satin outfit  ( complete with black beret and a pin in the silhouette of africa )  that he wore at last year ' s u .  n .  general assembly session ? 
"chueh - hui wanted to cry out against the unfairness of this fate ,  to fight it ,  to change it . "
you ' re gonna have to start from scratch on that . 
"by withdrawing more slurry and blending more residue in residue deep processing ,  not only the potentials of the two existing rfccu of the refinery can be fully tapped ,  but also the qualities of both mhug and ethylene cracker feedstocks optimized ,  product distribution improved and significant economic benefits achieved . "
some of the east german police were rude and suspicious . 
but there is this possibility that classroom could hurt later immersion . 
"france may suffering from a period of gloomy introspection ,  but when it comes to food ,  there is no false modesty :  this nation still believes it is the best in the world . "
some critics of the administration have questioned why there was such a long delay in the release of the information . 
"nietzsche has frequently been condemned as a dangerous thinker ,  a wrong - headed advocate of power and cruelty . "
"lf this will help her get past her anger towards marlon , "
and the reason being a nonprofit is important is actually twofold . 
"two are griefs ,  and one is a treasure to the soul . "
somalis arrived much more recently :  just 9 %  of somali pupils were born in britain compared with 83 %  of bangladeshis . 
"but because of what snow did ,  because of this map , "
steve ember :  bud abbott and lou costello were two of america ' s funniest funnymen . 
she stopped at a community center this week seeking a donated food basket . 
"and they ,  if you try to produce a different wall with this 18th one , "
objective : to understand the actuality on health status and medical care of the old countryman . 
"even if americans do not drink whiskey ,  many of them remember learning about the whiskey rebellion in school . "
that give us the connective tissue of social graphs
"motorbikes were set on fire ,  sending bursts of bright flame skyward . "
"the puritans ,  according to the familiar accusations of the 1920 s ,  were joyless hypocrites . "
"well ,  if he ' s local ,  he ' s not one of ours . "
a soldier who performs construction and demolition work in the field to facilitate troop movements . 
"and she answered ,  so that the audience memories of the students :  there is no meaning in life ,  but you do want to establish a meaning . "
telling others everything about you probably makes you opening yourself up to more nescience . 
reversing leads can result in errors caused by common  -  mode currents . 
"as god is my witness ,  you ' il pay . "
i had to test you ;  see if you could keep a secret . 
"the oxfam letter says development is the key to lifting afghans ,  the majority of whom live in rural areas ,  out of their poverty . "
mr .  lee is set to leave office when his term ends in february . 
you ' re just a couple of skinny - armed chickens . 
it ' s about five blocks below that . 
"more than just money ,  we ' re gonna get you another kind of support as well . "
and that ' s what your parents do for a living . 
"i ' d just like to point out that mr .  petergould wrote and directed this week ' s breaking bad ,  and absolutely destroyed it . "
i do this because i love you . 
"and i said ,   "" why would you do it this way ?  "" "
i ' ve actually eaten seven of those baskets and they ' re very good . 
i put everything you guys worked for at risk . 
"the second ,  in 1998 ,  worked well ,  with no recession and the stock market rising . "
the use of animation and projection was a process of discovery . 
he mayknow how to get back on the highway . 
we started to use these rules for symmetry breaking and branching
nor was it easy to give up our male privilege .  it was not easy to give up our power .  but many of us did .  we saw that the assumptions we had been taught to make about women were wrong .  we saw that how women were portrayed in movies and on television was wrong .  we saw how this connected to women ' s real unhappiness .  i saw this in my own mother and in other women of her generation .  i saw it and it hit home emotionally .  i saw that how husbands and fathers treated women led to lasting harm .  but it was not easy to give up what my father had taught me . 
"you would expect it to be cheesy ,  but it ' s not . "
and how much punishment would i get if i get caught ? 
but it ' s interesting to me .  i love to write historical verse . 
it does not matter how people judge this system of remuneration from a more or less biassed point of view . 
"each power plant turns a profit in a few months ,  and husk plans to build hundreds more in the next two years . "
i have got words that some leaders of the government will inspect our school . 
"i look a little like moses ,  or ted kaczynski . "
"the study ,  by london - based global media agency pda ,  was designed to discover when women felt at their most unattractive - and therefore at their most vulnerable to be marketed to by beauty firms . "
i ' m gonna seriously wound you with this styrofoam ! 
few are the divers who can perform this jump . 
what do i mean ?  here ' s an example  ( from an email my sister sent me about a successful party of her own )  : 
the definite and vivid record and depiction of the nature and human society in the literary works enriches the naming of colors . 
"which is like looking down at the top of your shoe , "
please accept the use of our cottage as quid pro quo for lending us your car . 
you don ' t have to raise your voice . 
"sometimes companies will ask you for a telephone interview before a face to face one .  this is used to narrow down the number of applicants and is especially true in the following cases .  when candidates have to travel a long way ,  in this way the company can cut down on travel expenses .  when there are a lot of candidates and when cv screening may not be sufficient ;  personality may be a key factor in this kind of job .  finally when the job you ' ve applied for involves a lot of talking to people on the phone . "
i just came here to say hi . 
"in waterloo ,  ontario .  it ' s the most exciting job i閳ユ獫e ever had . "
"most of us love to travel ,  but imagine how much more we would love it if didn ' t come with the chance of delayed flights ,  expensive hotels or unexpected fees . "
her face was disfigured by a long red scar . 
"benguela ,  angola ,  29 dec–the road bridge over the cubal river in angola ' s benguela province ,  which is 140 metres long ,  is due to open up to traffic in may 2009 ,  newspaper jornal de angola reported monday . "
just drag up off the keyboard from the letter you need capitalized . 
i kneel down before you as a servant .  .  .  humble and at your disposal . 
"i told him ,   ' i ' m a believer ,  and women and children"
the antennae pick up the signal from the pill . 
continuous flow :  it notifies needs of production before the store runs out of stock . 
"that said ,  the challenges facing the commission and the river basin nations are greater than ever before . "
we are in a conflict between good and evil . 
do you need a powerful open  -  source search engine for your .  net application ? 
"roll on out style ,  drive right over  ' em . "
you ' re like my mother and i ' m like your father . 
the first thing you have to get clear on is this :  what do you really want ? 
"and it climbs ,  and it falls ,  and it climbs  -  - "
"from there the series follows qiao as she works her way up to become a successful chef ,  and ,  eventually ,  how she meets her prince charming . "
"we acknowledge receipt of your letter dated july 15 ,  1999 . "
i ' m not sure scaring your boyfriend is the best medicine for him right now . 
i hope to get away to hawaii next year . 
and together with your help and god ' s grace we will continue our journey forward and remind the world just why it is that we live in the greatest nation on earth . 
"this bit ,  the big secret of automotive design  -  - "
"gaps remain wide on the core issues of the conflict ,  including jewish settlements ,  palestinian refugees ,  final borders and the status of jerusalem . "
but not as much as i love pussy . 
"and what i did for the first war ,  after we have lost everything , "
"i knew amy ' d be waiting for me ,  and i knew she ' d be mad as hell . "
it was probably the best business deal i ever did . 
"it means that i ' m your editor ,  and i ' m shaping your material into a story . "
"a gray sweater hung limply on tommy ' s empty desk ,  a reminder of the dejected boy who had just followed his classmates from our third - grade room . "
"no ,  i don ' t want to be a picker ! "
"all right ,  i ' il see you there ,  man . "
"in the event ,  china shied away from grabbing a larger role ,  saying that its main useful role was to keep its own economy ,  worth one - tenth of global output ,  ticking over at 8 per cent real growth by means of a  $ 570bn fiscal stimulus . "
look what you ' ve done to my sheets . 
check the acidity of the soil with a test kit . 
"at a time when their very survival seems up in the air ,  how can firms spot and hire the few candidates that will thrive in big law instead of wasting time and money on people like me ? "
no additional cases were diagnosed in the 21 patients who underwent bronchoscopy . 
"now ,  why am i telling you this story at this meeting ? "
"we have two weeks ,  four hours and 30 minutes . "
methods :  urinary transferrin  ( trf )  ?  retinol  -  binding protein  ( rbp )  and alphl  -  microglobulin  ( a 1 m )  were determined with enzyme  -  linked immunosorbent
congregation of cattle in stock yard or of horses in racetracks may provide the necessary environment for respiratory viruses . 
"it was only on a trip to the states ,  feeling the aggressiveness of americana that i changed my mind and said yes . "
because there were other people who died over the next few days . 
"the question about the canadian aborigines has a close correlation with  "" aboriginal rights ""  and  "" treaty rights ""  . "
"because i knew you were here ,  waiting for me . "
"i mean ,  you didn ' t want this thing clogging up a light socket . "
so failing american policies help beget failed states in the neighbourhood . 
there are so many good new actors around that the older ones will soon have to look to their laurels . 
"in the same way that the earth ,  our mother , "
but elsewhere smokers are turning to cheaper brands or rolling their own cigarettes . 
" ' it ' s definitely a scary time ,  '  says ms .  cohen .   ' i ' m fearful that i ' m not going to get a job or meet a man that makes me happy for more than a month .  but i ' m also happy that i get to try out different things .  ' "
file data is striped and stored on the object  -  based storage devices  ( osd ) 
"your friend come to check up on you ,  you bug out ?  . "
"brothers ,  we didn ' t come here for nothing"
pudong became a model for the rest of china :  build it and they will come . 
"mr .  bush was then asked if the deployment of so many u . s .  troops to iraq is hampering america ' s ability to respond to other world trouble spots ,  such as north korea .  the president said military leaders have assured him the current u . s .  troop strength is sufficient .  and he went on to talk about the importance of continuing a multi - lateral diplomatic approach towards pyongyang . "
"this guy decides to become a monk and goes to this monastery where the monks meditate in utter silence ,  aiming to reach for divinity through intense introspection . "
adsorption of reaction product butanone on the catalyst surface was the main reason to decelerate the reaction .  the effect has been described quantitatively by the equation .  the reaction machanism was also discussed . 
holiday makers travelling in shanghai must taste raw  -  fried steam bread . 
"his abilities have made him ,  well ,  arrogant . "
you get to choose which one you want to use . 
so how much were you looking to spend here mr .  burt ? 
only one temperature independent parameter is needed for the density calculation from triple point up to  -  critical point for both polar and nonpolar liquids including strongly associating liquids . 
"over the past decade ,  production has doubled from 217 tonnes to 437 tonnes . "
"water body landscape in the city is an important green opened - space and region that has most denseness natural element and most abundant physical process ,  which made it have an important role in the coursing of naissance and development . "
food and fodder should go ahead of troops and horses . 
china remains concerned about the obama administration ' s effort to shift its military and strategic focus to the asia - pacific region . 
"wilson ,  there ain ' t gonna be any money .  .  .  and nothing with this bigot is going to be easy for me ,  nothing . "
we did the house over  ( ie redecorated it )  and bought new furniture . 
china ' s aviation watchdog has announced mandatory inspections for all chinese - made ma - 60 aircraft . 
"boredom can actually shorten your life ,  according to researchers . "
"the first level ,  the weakest level of civil response against violence , "
"now ,  you just stay here and i ' il go back and get my wallet . "
"the amount of energy expended in building a space program ,  fueling rockets ,  to say nothing of getting from one star to another ,  would be huge . "
"and of course ,  since happiness  -  -  we want  "" joy to the"
"they also believe possibly in openness ,  especially the hacker types the nsa needs to recruit . "
"bees are the sex workers for flowers .  they are ,  you know  -  - "
"unfortunately ,  this is as private as it gets for me now . "
"the global recession hit some markets on the list particularly hard ,  but the report says home prices are rebounding .  in dublin ,  for example ,  inventory is tightening and demand is rising ,  said graham murray ,  head of residential for savills in dublin . "
i find at this time .  .  .  it ' s not in the best interest of the child to remain in the home . 
"the slope of the epidemic curve is approaching now ,  in november . "
what kind of business did you two do together ? 
the reappearance of pulse image may be used to demarcate the instrument of pulse diagnosis and the sensor of pulse diagnosis . 
"but before all this ,  they will lay hands on you and persecute you .  they will deliver you to synagogues and prisons ,  and you will be brought before kings and governors ,  and all on account of my name . "
it was other people that had the problem . 
i protect people who are assets to this hospital . 
really do not know how many people dreaming scheming
is he was born without bones in the lower part of his legs . 
we ' re gonna go on a little ride . 
"you know ,  i know exactly who you are . "
"may i take your coat ,  mr .  constantine ? "
"but if there are big players in categories ,  eventually they will be interested and probably buy up you know ,  independent offers all round today . "
"well ,  you know what ,  we ' il find you a girl ,  all right ? "
"i don ' t care for these balls ,  but one had to come for the girls"
"just then ,  the world war was started .  this planet was turned to a wasteland . "
had mein military school by the next morning . 
a computer auxiliary design system of continuous miner cutting drum is designed based on vb6 . 0 and the mathematical models . 
it ' s like you ' ve got all these john wayne movies going on inside your head . 
"come to join my crew again ,  master turner ? "
sc once we ' ve made the plant how do we get cut ? 
i just know i ' m gonnaget blamed for this shit . 
"when concentration of 6一benzyladenine of kinetin in the culture medium reachrespective0 . 1～0 . 5 milligram per litre and 0 . 5～0 . 8 milligram per litre , gennination ofaxillary buds of the explants ( stem nodal ) can be induced very effectively .  the inducing ratereach 80 . 3 %  and 81 . 5 %  separately . "
"lyndon johnson :   "" i do not believe that the great society is the ordered ,  changeless and sterile battalion of the ants . "
"if you find yourself alone ,  riding in green fields with the sun on your face ,  do not be troubled . "
"the rate is over seven percent in nearby singapore ,  and almost twelve percent in the united states . "
anne was a jewish girl whose diary has been read widely all over the world . 
but median wages are stagnant and the percentage of working families
lin fei is disheartened over her terminal disease and contemplates suicide . 
"unless you think of it in the terms that i do , "
the south sudanese leader released from jail early this week after the charges treason against him had dropped has told the bbc he feels no bitterness about his months in captivity . 
he ' s probably fucking worried about doing it . 
then you passed out and i put in bed . 
"when distributing the total burden ,  we should refrain from imposing heavier burdens in the guerrilla zones than in areas under our control ,  and appropriately lighten burdens on people in areas where they are loaded with burdens imposed both by the kuomintang and us . "
"notice where exactly in your body the compulsive feeling begins ,  where is it located ? "
i am writing downmy parents '  phone number . 
"it was just life - changing ,  you know .  and so ,  in my life ,  you know ,  i was in the tofu ; "
"or at least ,  so it was thought at the time the decision to write off these customers was made . "
nematode damage to the soybean roots is characterized by coarse roots . 
until he tried to have me killed and destroy my government . 
if no scouts return they are to assume that the tribe has been lost and strike out upon their own as a new clan . 
congratulations on the great success invitational golf tournament and best wishes to you all !  thank you ! 
"okay ,  i give up ,  why shouldn ' t we get married ? "
my bed just pops out of the wall with two fingers . 
seeing you there gave me a weird feeling . 
bottom line :  shop for classic and buy just a few trendy pieces each season . 
what are you doing in my car ? 
"i know every bee ,  plant and flower bud in this park . "
the father of a family should have more sense of responsibility . 
in general we don ' t try to please the customer here . 
the people who count on you need you on your feet . 
"faster increases in prices foster the belief that future increases will also be stronger ,  so that higher prices fuel demand rather than dampen it . "
"following this operation ,  which values the angolan bank at over 1 billion euros ,  bes now has a 51 . 94 percent staked in besa . "
"you kind of have to branch off in all these different directions , "
"“with effective cooperation on several levels ,  particularly in sharing tourism resources and information ,  as well as openness and joint development of tourism markets ,  it will be possible to take new steps in making the great pearl river delta work as a whole ,  ”he said . "
"therefore ,  cement asphalt paste with nano  -  silica fume can improve properties of semi  -  rigid permeable asphalt concrete . "
"there will be an instant mutual sexual attraction ,  equal in force between them . "
the governor of the state of illinois stands accused of trying to sell the senate seat to the highest bidder . 
this extraordinary melding of man and machine proves that we finally have the technology to create real  -  life bionic humans . 
here is what ' s been happening year by year to the columbia glacier . 
"but in reality ,  there is no mechanism to make central banks take measures that would contravene their national mandates for the benefit of other countries . "
and the difference between a normal flu season and a pandemic
" "" well ,  you know ,  there were some nice guys .  they had a gym .  "" "
"well ,  the mice and rabbits did help with the sewing . "
i swear your wife is not in the room ! 
"because now ,  instead of lugging bags ,  finding a parking space , "
"and maybe this game will help you learn how to do it .  "" "
"well ,  that was my idea that i was going to try to get across to the youngsters . "
now let ' s get you upstairs and into bed . 
and yet what we proved then is the u . s .  has more market power than opec . 
"one of the founders of the libyan amazigh youth assembly ,  said henshir ,  says berbers ,  like all libyans ,  live in freedom now .  but he says they also have some demands for the newly elected government . "
"and after i finished ,  i went to this area ,  the ituri forest . "
"carlos fernandes also said that the number of chinese private companies present in angola rose 93 percent from 2006 to 2007 ,  totaling 31 companies . "
"tang says he and his artistic peers share a natural bond with young audiences ,  because their “muses” are often memories and images shared by the whole generation .  “i guess many of young people had a childhood dream of living in a big house made of candies , ” he said . "
"no ,  this is what should be taught  -  -  the good living ,  the good habits , "
w :  our representative in your country faxed a letter that you showed an interest in some of our products on display at the oct .  exhibition there . 
"i finally went down there ,  and it was this old rusted circular thing , "
years of experience have shown him that people often decide to plant an ornamental bush when they see one in bloom . 
mr al - qaissi ' s predecessor was killed last august in a similar strike . 
we always have to look around us and account for all the evidence . 
that comes down to under five dollars an hour . 
all the different kinds of wheat and rice and such  -  - 
she said there was to be no discussion . 
"professional dancers ,  athletes and entertainers ,  for example ,  have more opportunity to cheat on their spouses because they often work away from home and are surrounded by adoring fans . "
"behind them ,  at the center of the park ,  was a circular fountain atopwhich stood a bronze statue of hebe ,  the cup bearer of the gods ,  who plied theolympians with nectar and ambrosia . "
"according to the analysis of the stress - strain curve ,  we deem ,  during deformation ,  dynamic recovery should be the main softened mechanism under the conditions of this test . "
the king exiled one of his official for murder . 
"you may have fifteen jackets that potentially match numerous pants and shoes ,  but some shoes do not go with some jackets . "
"most of pope’s clients ,  unsurprisingly ,  are subordinate to power ,  money and fame – but not themselves . "
"you must havea secret admirer ,  mrs schnitman . "
"after some people ' s negative talk about zhang yimou ' s a simple noodle story ,  people seem to feel they need a better reason to pay hollywood blockbuster  ( e . g .  2012 )  prices for a chinese model .  fortunately ,  bodyguards and assassins has come at the right time . "
"aslan ,  alsjeblieft .  .  .  can we can not with your ? "
every element has a method to return the label of its category and a method to bind the clicking action . 
"jui  -  chueh led four girls to the velvet kneeling cushion  -  shu  -  ying ,  shu  -  hua ,  shu  -  chen and shu  -  fen . "
the project was funded by a world bank loan to mozambique ' s state water supply investment fund ( fipag )  and built by the sinohydro corporation of china . 
"and agriculture suddenly appeared to me not as an invention ,  not as a human technology , "
one of the things that we are doing is we ' re the vectors of memes
"i get interested in different kinds of subjects ,  i dive in , "
"you know ,  him on the moon ,  me with you ,  it ' s like he was the first . "
"methods : using the 100g / l skim milk as medium , adding the main metabolite - amino acid of lactobacillus acidophilus , such as lysine , arginine and valine into skim milk culture medium contained streptococcus thermophillus by 0 . 0083mg / ml、0 . 0036mg / ml、0 . 0053mg / ml respectively and then cultivating at 40℃ , the curd time was determined ; "
"kinase of commonly used make water ,  adder fights bolt kinase of enzymatic ,  catenary . "
"rules of the investec north pole challenge ,  on july 15 ,  mean pugh must only wear a swimming costume ,  cap and goggles . no chance of a cold - resistant body stocking ? "
"the color ,  the taste ,  the purity of this water . "
"now ,  the tight rows up at the very top ,  they really hold out the wind and dust . "
are deemed too graphic or disturbing for us to see them . 
"the new commercial activities law is the result of the 1st national meeting on trade in angola held on april 25 and 26 ,  1996 ,  which adopted the general bases for reform in the sector .  the project was approved in a cabinet meeting on january 26 this year . "
every morning i lay on the floor in the front parlour watching her door .  the blind was pulled down to within an inch of the sash so that i could not be seen . 
"when you “black out ,  ” you temporarily lose consciousness . "
"he is really good at camping ,  and how to make fire from rocks and stuff .  .  . "
every single thing that we can think of  -  - 
it is uncommon to apply white paint straight from the tube . 
you know the thirst better than any of us . 
the european rules differ from the american ones in other ways too . 
"he said he didn ' t want the job anyway ,  but that ' s just sour grapes . "
"in part ,  facebook says some of the tension comes from its efforts to curb spam . "
"you have to be hard now ,  hard so nothing can ever touch us . "
"instead of building a building as big as the football pitch , "
owen hargreaves was the most notable absentee from the 21 - man manchester united squad which set off today for their four - match tour of africa . 
"ornstein says that obama also overwhelmingly won younger voters ,  giving the democrats another advantage as they look ahead to future elections . "
your article is a bit long for our paper . 
looks like a men ' s size ten to 12 . 
i think thucydides really spoke to us very clearly
"for example ,  u . s .  investors would have benefited from the stronger performance of european and asian markets in the 1970s and 1980s ,  and of emerging markets after 2000 . "
some items affect the compatibility value between gf and party members . 
census figures for china show that around one in five women aged 25 - 29 is unmarried . 
"“he ' s arguably the most important person there outside of steve ,  ” said shaw wu ,  an analyst at kaufman brothers . "
"an obsessive impulse to steal regardless of economic need ,  usually arising from an unconscious symbolic value associated with the stolen item . "
it will be 100 in two years .  it will go below 100 . 
"as requested in your letter dated october 12 ,  we sent you the samples by air parcel on october 20 . "
moviegoers are much likelier to order a second drink than a second tub of popcorn . 
"the american idol winner’s debut album never quite found its audience ,  but we’ll see if working with a - list producers such as dr luke and pharrell williams can rectify that . "
people pronounce the word differently in this part of the country . 
and that ' s the voa learning english health report .  i ' m christopher cruise . 
al gore :  this is the source of much of the coal in west virginia . 
chlorhexidine gluconate is superior to poidone  -  iodine for preoperative antisepsis for the patient and surgeon . 
the drug violence is also a concern for the electoral authorities with heavy security across the country and the military on the streets of major cities . 
we do a lot of work in biomedical fields . 
"let them meet first ,  as women ,  to bewail and commemorate the dead . "
it ' s often mispronounced and misspelled .  .  .  so that ' s why -  - yes . 
" "" the economic outlook is subject to increased downside risks ,  mainly stemming from a scenario of ongoing financial market tensions affecting the real economy more adversely than currently foreseen ,  ""  he said .   "" other downside risks relate to the possibility of renewed increases in highly volatile energy and food prices ,  disorderly developments owing to global imbalances ,  and rising protectionist pressures .  "" "
"frequently ,  managers have to deal with situations when one person finds that they can ' t work with another because they can ' t disguise their deep antipathy . "
"plus ,  we haven ' t seen the rest of it yet . "
and  -  -  on a personal level  -  -  an awakening sense of idealism . 
"based on the research findings ,  the study makes the conclusion that exposure to authentic input and a democratic and harmonious classroom environment could facilitate language learning . "
know what speciai day is it today ? 
英文 ： the mountains began to throw their long blue shadows over the valley . 
"if the killer ' s confusing fiction with reality ,  then you ' ve got a motive . "
"when the dishonest tradesman opened the bag ,  out jumped a cat  -  -  not a pig . "
"therefore ,  the conjuncture of ground and underground become the main character of spatial conversion . "
"as prion proteins multiply ,  they accumulate within nerve cells ,  destroying them and eventually causing brain tissue to become riddled with holes . "
"using the free - response records of the rotor of a balancing test maehine ,  the procedure can identify the natural frequency ,  vibrational models and darning faestr of the transverse vibration . "
"ok ,  let me switch gears now to the third part of my talk , "
"the best science tells us that the capacity of the human body , "
the love the creativity of problem solving and welcome the ideas of others . 
"the paper cited an e - mail from group president ,  sun yafang ,  to staff as saying that sales in 2009 were likely to exceed us $ 30 billion . "
new performances such as taekwondo and ballet have been added . 
raced the elders of the city in a chariot and invited him first . 
"i want you to move along the far wall to your left in four ,  three ,  two ,  one . "
"when you ' re in it ,  you ' re like a rat in a maze ; "
senate leader harry reid says that includes an additional  $ 100 million in direct aid . 
serial space points in time leap into simultaneous points in space . 
this is some of the research that you ' re going to see
"so if the infection wipes us all out ,  that is a return to normality . "
"how terribly ill he looks ,  but he ' s only reaping as he has sown in youth . "
"the democrats have a crazed look in their eye ,  like oliphant ' s mad ass ; "
and for the most part try to stop them from making this argument . 
"his reform plans involved cutting the size and cost of the public sector ,  privatizing the state - run companies and controlling the budget deficit to secure international loans . "
i try to help out as much as i can . 
"and so ,  4 am in the morning ,  what do you expect ,  right ? "
"dad ,  let ' s play the coin game ,  shall we ? "
"it ' s because that is one aspect of travel that i love ,  just feeling the difference in a new place until it becomes commonplace ,  if i stay long enough for that to happen . "
i can not believe i will be assigned to this section ! 
that bozo flirted with the boss '  daughter and nearly got fired . 
controlling the reacting or waiting time of nonexplosive demolition agent
now she ' s gonna die in that room . 
you will be permitted to use all the facilities after fee payment . 
vivian really knows how to belt out a song . 
then i will see you tomorrow in odessa . 
"comparing the c ompetency of five main airports , the paper analyzes the advantages and shortages of the main competitors , points out the main disparity between pudong airport a nd the competitors , and gives out the improved measures . "
because i can find my own way to square things with cobol . 
i think he means the party is a stinker . 
"so ,  without this technology you can ' t see the stars . "
get the morphine out of the extra medical kit ! 
"grandpa says the organization was formed to clean up the police ,  insists it ' s all ancient history ,  and then quickly changes the subject . "
"it ' s a little extreme ,  but we ' ve got a little water problem . "
i took a bullet here for you . 
first - line managers work in all departments of an organization . 
"the united nations estimates that ,  this year ,  55 percent of the world ' s people will live in urban settings . "
"dumping has long been thought of as a deed that interferes with proper operation of the market by selling at low prices through unfair competition , for it brings about harmful effect on production of other countries .  but sometimes dumping can be seen as reasonable . "
how much longer do i have to stay here ? 
"mr .  obama said he was shocked and saddened by the shooting that killed 12 people injured 59 others during the screening of the latest batman film in aurora ,  denver . "
this school participates in the taibei county95 year all levels of schools fine counselling publication evaluation to have the honor to receive the class and grade publication excellent work . 
"the idea coalesced around ,  let ' s make this a park , "
" "" hold on  !  ""  i said to him ,  and pulled out my little dope book . "
"but you are very young and sick ,  and unattractive to boot ,  but now i have a mind to give you five or six good licks with my belt . "
but there is no confirmation that it is wreckage from the missing flight .  johnathan head reports from kuala lumpur . 
but it turns out there is a very good reason
"obviously ,  if  "" ashtray ""  or  "" painting ""  belongs in home furnishings ,  then it certainly belongs in the bigger ,  more inclusive combined category too . "
" "" to the extent anyone is overpaid ,  by definition someone else is underpaid .  ""  if enough people leave ,  the firm may break loan covenants with its banks ,  which can require it to have a minimum number of partners . "
"when ssdf aqueous solution is boil up for a long time ,  color still no change . "
the 1 . 78 - meter - tall wu is a recent graduate of the guangdong university of foreign studies . 
"you sure you don ' t wanna come back ,  help me ? "
"simply put , negativitybreeds negativity—is this really how you want your life to be ? "
so what did we tell you from the start ? 
a show where you show what you ' ve done and stuff . 
"although the world health organization has officially declared that emfs seem to pose little threat ,  governments are still concerned .  in fact ,  last april ,  the european parliament called for countries to take steps to reduce exposure to emfs .  the city of san francisco and the state of maine are currently considering requiring cancer - warning labels on cellphones . "
we ' re in the third month of our vulcan exile . 
"believe me ,  they are not the same . "
"well ,  it ' s a really big deal in my family ,  because it ' s my dad ' s birthday and easter .  .  .  and my sister ' s anniversary all in the same week . "
to be afraid of the work that they feel they were put on this earth to do . 
"the preparations for the fair are already well under way .  the exhibition hall which occupies an area of 54 , 000 square meters is under construction and the registration for the 1 , 700 trade booths has begun .  with the theme song ,  the emblem and the mascot already selected ,  the whole preparation work is on the countdown to completion . "
it is possible that medications known to treat auto immune disease may be successful in treating depression also . 
the vice president is out of position . 
i had a joke to go with this and i forgot it . 
"i would think to myself ,   "" it ' s nice of elli to come back here"
"well ,  then you could read me back . "
i once made a big mistake at the office and felt foolish .  i had egg on my face . 
"the kind gesture brought the elderly man to his knees and ,  to express his thanks to the officer ,  he offered to give him several of the local products he was carrying . "
"this retarded ,  fascist ,  über music is the fucking problem . "
no one wants to watch lance armstrong do comedy . 
"the denmark pavilion called  "" welfairytales ""  - a blend of the words  "" welfare ""  and  "" fairy tales ""  - showcases a fairy tale world with the little mermaid ,  the country ' s symbol ,  set to make her first visit to shanghai . "
today we ' re going to talk about something called the google book project  -  talk about what that is and why you may be interested in it . 
and so it made no sense for us as a species to put any energy
"most of britain ,  all of scandinavia ,  covered by ice several kilometers thick . "
"at least a few hours before bed ,  so that they do not keep you awake . "
"you eat on the floor ,  you sleep on the floor ,  you work on the floor . "
and maybe you can tell me which attorney in south florida .  .  .  is gonna wanna go up against the van ryans in court . 
and what better way than by revisiting their lives together as doctors ? 
" "" asian demand hasn ' t emerged this time ,  ""  said james steel ,  analyst at hsbc in new york . "
"to spark a new age of discovery ,  he wants to make experimentation cheaper by creating affordable scientific instruments . "
he came to brazil to carry out a merger . 
"brain scans show synchrony between the brains of mother and child ;  but what they can ' t show is the internal bond that belongs to neither alone ,  a fusion in which the self feels so permeable it doesn ' t matter whose body is whose .  wordlessly ,  relying on the heart ' s semaphores ,  the mother says all an infant needs to hear ,  communicating through eyes ,  face and voice .  thanks to advances in neuroimaging ,  we now have evidence that a baby ' s first attachments imprint its brain .  the patterns of a lifetime ' s behaviors ,  thoughts ,  self - regard and choice of sweethearts all begin in this crucible . "
"sao paulo ,  brazil ,  17 dec–five brazilian cities in 2006 accounted for a quarter of brazil ' s gross domestic product ( gdp )  ,  which totalled 2 . 37 trillion reais ( us $ 900 . 3 billion )  ,  according to an official survey published tuesday in sao paulo . "
"when i went to sleep ,  the next day it wasn ' t there . "
"if you ' re not thieves ,  then what are you ? "
"keep people in your life who enhance your life ,  who make you feel appreciated and boost your spirits ,  and whom you would truly miss if they were gone . "
"respectively ,  and her days as a release of sugar boiled water ,  drink neat ,  very sweet ,  daily drink ,  and it seems dry and tasteless . "
so i just picked one of the things that i thought i learned  -  - 
"remember ,  don ' t let me see you again ! "
and we don ' t need permission to make movies on our own . 
"he has spent lavishly before ,  paying around 1 billion for instagram ,  a photo - sharing app ,  in 2012 . "
in each little drop of water you get 50 billion of these guys . 
and that democracy is not merely one of the choices at the ballot box . 
"due to the influence of the corrosive agents in the outer environment ,  the resistance and dynamic reliability of the chemical structures declined with time very fast . and it is difficult for the chemical structures that with the normal design reliability level to fulfil their structural functions . on the condition that the design service life is confirmed , the design reliability level of the chemical structures should include the corrosive environment and its effect on the structures . based on agents '  corrosiveness fuzzy classification , this paper suggests a practical method on design reliability level decision - making of the industrial structures ,  which is very useful for the anti - corrosion design of the industrial structures . "
"we conclude that hand  -  held electronic calculator sales should be approximately 446 , 600 ,  000 units by 1979 . "
"the driving force behind the catastrophe that befell the world a century ago wasgermany ,  which was looking for an excuse for a war that would allow it to dominate europe . "
"don ' t say such silly things ,  tom .  people will think you have bats in your belfry . "
 #  how we can wash our sins ?   # 
the customs will announce publicly affairs related to the exam 3 months in advance of it . 
"and this is at even the most exploited ,  outsourcing country out there . "
"those ,  combined with its mobile application store ,  give it a more sophisticated content  "" ecosystem ""  than most of its rivals . "
promise the moon then break down your ceo ' s door to make sure your customer gets it . 
we ' il just have to work at it twice as hard from now on . 
"this process occurs almost instantaneously ,  before we’ve even had time to consciously register that the reflex has happened . "
i don ' t know who they could be . 
"dude ,  you really don ' t wanna start comparing stinks . "
"the room was empty except for the woman and a small brick - bed .  there was no mat on it ,  but the small fire heating it filled the room with an acrid smell . "
"for example ,  in the united states ,  constitutional protections in libel cases are so strong that some trials never reach the point of adjudicating the underlying allegation ' s truth . "
it means standing on opposite sides of the river . 
"lots of individual reefs ,  around about 2 , 900 separate reef systems which make up the great barrier reef . "
"compare with natural and soddy photograph ,  the turf good point that textile makes is even ,  stability of round - the - clock ,  function ,  not easy addle . "
"so ,  again ,  going back to this  -  -  the idea that a tiny human gesture"
gus lacey said you ran a dance studio . 
"nearly 25 , 000 school - leavers failed the test for admission to the university of liberia ,  one of two state - run universities . "
" "" they keep on following the same track and expect to reach a different result ,  for to go somewhere else . "
"the trade - off between the gut and the brain is the key insight of the  "" expensive tissue hypothesis ,  ""  proposed by leslie aiello and peter wheeler in 1995 .  wrangham credits this with inspiring his own thinking — except that aiello and wheeler identified meat - eating as the driver of human evolution ,  while wrangham emphasizes cooking .   "" what could be more human ,  ""  he asks ,   "" than the use of fire ?  "" "
state department officials say more than five hundred students will attend thirty - seven community colleges this fall . 
follow the list above and you ' ll do just fine . 
"this wine boasts a ruby robe with black tints .  displays aromas of ripe blackcurrant ,  plum and vanilla .  a full ,  dense mouth  - feel ensures richness and body . "
"israeli prime minister ariel sharon has proposed a detailed ,  accelerated timetable to withdraw all jewish settlements from the gaza strip at the beginning of next year  -  months earlier than originally planned . "
he told me that middle c is equivalent to 256 vibrations per second . 
"several studies have shown the importance of sleep for learning - but none had demonstrated actual learning during the sleeping period ,  reports nature neuroscience . "
but some hr experts say that a strong corporate culture doesn’t suit everyone . 
"the body sluggish ,  aged ,  cold ,  the embers left from earlier fires . "
the development of cotton /  lotus root silk blended yarn
"in the periphery of our vision ,  it stays on the periphery . "
i see a lot of children .  they are walking up and down stairs . 
the syrian government has agreed to a temporary ceasefire in its conflict with rebels to coincide with the muslim festival of eid al - adha . 
if this car drive into a group of gypsy .  .  .  will there be any damage to the car ? 
"we deal with the left or the right ,  with dictators or liberators . "
"as the aircraft accelerates ,  the airspeed of a blade  ( and thus the amount of lift it provides )  increases when that blade is moving forwards and decreases when it is moving backwards . "
the campaign was followed by a series of cannibalistic attacks in north america . 
had to make sure you weren ' t crazy . 
"a recent meeting with apple ,  and the ipad - like control panel of the model s ,  have convinced some observers that a takeover and an icar are around the corner ,  although mr musk insists that his firm is not for sale . "
"in this paper ,  bod  _  5 and dod  _   ( cr )  in the alkali pulping waste  -  rater have been detected and studied . "
"and while i ' m at it ,  i thought i ' d beat the crap out of joey tribbiani ! "
hello to everyone in china !  we are giving away signed cds to 2 fans who follow us and share this post !  we will announce the winners on nov 20th .  good luck ! 
"earlier that day ,  when they crossed the rocky mountains ,  they managed to catch sight of some mountain goats and even a grizzly bear and an eagle . "
what there is of erroneous in this reasoning ? 
the name comes from the arabic word for olives . 
you wanna see the invasion plans for iran ? 
"so for a long time in the economic sphere , "
environmental experts admired and evaluated christmas bird  -  watching highly .  they pointed out that it made perfect sense . 
abolition of the family !  even the most radical flare up at this infamous proposal of the communists . 
the kitchen seemed to be the quietest place now . 
and we can actually recreate the archetypal forms of nature . 
" "" it highlighted instead the problems that pakistan still poses to stabilizing afghanistan . ”"
it ' s a two  -  component amine adduct cured epoxy coating with special conducting electrostatic materials . 
i don ' t want to be those people . 
"we ' re just pushing the body through the whole ct scanner , "
"the question is ,  what ' s the good you can do with it ? "
"i ' m taking you back now .  yes ,  please . "
i once heard a decidedly non  -  technical marketing vp call out “data geeks ” in the audience . 
"but ,  uh ,  uh ,  q ' s a very good letter . "
"they get  -  -  not automatically ,  but they tend to get more support . "
she fluttered her handkerchief from the train window as a good - bye . 
"having done everything practical to make ready for so long a voyage ,  we prepared our souls to meet death ,  which is always on a sailor ' s horizon . "
which one would you like  -  this one or that one ? 
i can ' t keep track of them all . 
"oh ,  no ,  no ,  no ,  no ,  no ,  no . "
"invited by the fine arts literature and fu xiaodong to edit and curate this issue ,  i accepted the honor and finally landed my choice on the group of young artists living and working in shanghai . "
"here ,  this is a protocell ,  and it ' s vigorously shedding this skin . "
the guy in charge of the church thing . 
but i had no good reason to turn the guy down now . 
i have no alternative but to agree to your terms . 
"this is your area ,  what do you suggest ? "
"the impulsive decisions of the post - 80s generation is just one of the factors behind china ' s rising divorce rate .  the underlying reason ,  says youth and marriage therapist ma fengru ,  is society ' s increasingly progressive views about divorce . "
i ' m really going to indulge myself tonight with a bottle of champagne . 
these animals have been evolving in the philippine archipelago for millions of years . 
" "" you ' re risking your life ,  you know ,  every time you go to that country .  "" "
"thus there is plenty of scope for politics to ambush the markets in 2011 ,  even though it is not a presidential  -  election year in america . "
this promised pot of gold was designed to support small generics firms—but big pharma has found a loophole . 
"maybe i ' m .  .  .  maybe i ' m notcfo material ,  you know ? "
"really wanted for the woman ,  a sekhri ,  to get justice , "
the boy died after being impaled on railings when he slipped while playing . 
potential peasants income ( resulting from coordinated development of national economy )  minus actual peasants income is peasants income gap . 
"life is like playing a violin solo in public ,  learning the instrument as one gose on . "
is not food that ' s even the issue here . 
we have you vectored for approach and emergency docking . 
"but these two are guru chen ' s bodhi vows ,  so i like to do them for posterity . "
thanks for the candy bar .  it really hit the spot !  . 
connected his temples to a very small source of current . 
you also know that take place today what matter
"the treaty for joint oil exploration ,  signed in february 2001 ,  divided revenue from the area as 60 percent for nigeria and the remaining 40 percent for sao tome and principe . "
"and ,  uh ,  he hasn ' t caught on to what that means yet . "
"it was a muslim engineer who invented the crankshaft ,  which is the foundation of much of the machinery in today’s modern world . "
"but even if the trousers are ready ,  there is no word on what will happen to the ashen remains of a structure known by locals ,  because of its shape and location ,  as the  "" little phallus  ""  . "
"fireball :  identical to single - player ,  this glowing ball of fire can be guided to a target before exploding in a deadly fashion . "
"actually ,  it is caused by a series offactors and the key factor is the disappoint to traditional mo ~ rmzatton . "
"following the ￡14million capture of michael carrick two weeks ago ,  the reds have been heavily linked with bayern munich ' s owen hargreaves ,  villarreal ' s marcos senna and lyon ace mahamadou diarra in recent weeks . "
my humble opinion on literal translation and free translation
"my wife doesn ' t need food  -  -  she ' s a great trainer , "
"this paper presents a mew module based on at89c51 ,  in which the serial a / o converter max1226 is applied for data collection and wireless receive and transmission chip ptr2000 is applied for data transmission ,  meanwhile this paper provides the hardware structure ,  software design and some procedures . "
of our future .  then we did the solar car for general motors  -  - 
"hundreds of feet above the ocean ,  or how they got there , "
"insert at wearer ' s left side seam ,  3  -  inches up from bottom of hem . "
so that you can get from one side of the boat to the other . 
tune in tonight at 11 for a complete sports update . 
we just ignore that top of is who ! 
will produce different behavior in an old colony and a small young one . 
you have been saying that everything means something for the last 20 years . 
"that ' s much better than my code ,  which was kind of ugly , "
at the beginning of the sales promotion you have to try every means to overcome sales difficulties . 
"but if space and time aren ' t fundamental ,  what are the fundamental properties of the universe ? "
"these systems are based on trust and loyalty ,  and as such ,  they present a massive opportunity to marketers who want to encourage those traits in their customers . "
the president also said he disagrees with people who argue that moving forward on a middle east peace plan is not possible now because of all the change taking place . 
and he says that his hand seems to be moving by itself . 
"from the aspects of tourism science and the practice in tourism industry ,  it is considered that the reasons of its failure are as follows :  1 )  the construction of the scenery digressed from its theme because of craving for large scale and completeness ,  thus more fund being invested ; "
and then here ' s my favorite quote from one of the girls : 
"this variable is set in the php code invoking the template ,  as you ' ll see later in this section . "
"grandparents ,  uncles ,  aunts ,  and cousins usually don ' t live near one another . "
"for pekah the son of remaliah slew one hundred twenty thousand in judah on one day ,  all of them valiant men ,  because they had forsaken jehovah ,  the god of their fathers . "
because that ' s really the moment we really know what we ' re made of . 
how can i keep searching when dark clouds hide the day . 
the arc would lean if the blowtorch deviated from the weld seam . 
so what happened here ?  we created a huge economic failure in this forest . 
"melanin cell is even the base cell layer of skin of ground consist in ,  form a cell to cuticular cutin through releasing melanin ,  decide everybody the depth of color of skin . "
"by kneeling down three times and punting ,  he ' il make the mud dog offense try to beat him . "
the ship has a cargo of about 200 ton . 
one of the world ' s best bassists and a fantastic piano player . 
add a punishment and they ' ll do less of it . 
"sebastian says that he ' s nervous because he likes nia ,  and he hopes that they can become “more than friends . ” when someone says ,  “i want to be more than friends , ” they mean i want to be romantically connected to you ,  and this is what sebastian ,  like so many people ,  want . "
"and it has spread from farmer to farmer .  so that has been very exciting .  "" "
"what is happening to my arm ,  doctor ? "
"now ,  we ' ve known for a long time the cause of diarrhea . "
there ' s always one fuck - head like you .  .  .  trying to shit in the apple pie . 
"before mr brown had made the announcement ,  david cameron ,  theconservativeleader ,  told supporters gathered by the thames that the election was “the most important for a generation” . "
"and for some people ,  it happens at first sight . "
"what do you want to do after being a millionaire ,  overachieving your father ? "
"any that sinks below the sunlit top layers will hang around in the depths for a long time ,  thanks to the colder temperature and greater density of the deep water . "
voice 1 :  you ' ll have to stay here in the safe house
"we all know that life can sometimes get overwhelming :  from rush hour traffic to the never ending workload ,  there is always something that needs our attention . "
"that ' s because patients are generally reluctant to part with their brain or heart cells ,  diseased or not ,  while they ' re still using them . "
the excellent interlock function of new generation air circuit breaker  ( acb )  was introduced . 
"you know ,  i ' ve had it up to here with this indian malarkey . "
it ' s said by forecast that the humidity in the air today is 60 %  . 
so i ' m going to concentrate on two of the most exciting stories
pointing to a new form of production :  peer - to - peer production . 
but they do say the hill mission has triggered a high - level review of the north korean position that included a white house discussion tuesday between president bush and secretary of state condoleezza rice . 
"a disease of the lungs ,  such as asbestosis or silicosis ,  caused by long - continued inhalation of dusts ,  especially mineral or metallic dusts . "
it ' s a pity that you can ' t come to the party . 
"luanda ,  angola ,  28 oct–angolan machinery company cimertex–sociedade de m áquinas e equipmantos saturday in luanda opened its new facility at the viana industrial hub ,  across an area of 25 , 000 square metres ,  angolan news agency angop reported . "
she had given birth and put the child up for adoption .   ( years later she would renounce her allegiance to legalized abortion and become a pro - life activist . 
"the next phase of the project includes building a basin alongside the existing one ,  with a 150 metre - long dock ,  a breakwater and land facilities and access roads ,  covering a total area of 9 hectares ,  added to the existing 2 . 5 hectares . "
that blast is going to roast straight out there . 
the experimental dish was created by pizza place pizza little party and weighs in at 1 . 2kg . 
"still many are hoping that calm will prevail in this hindu - majority nation ,  where muslims make up the largest religious minority with 140 million . "
"nevertheless ,  the uk continues to be a net importer of people from the new commonwealth . "
"using both theoretical and experimental findings ,  they have been able to decipher the details of the universe . "
such persistence is usually interpreted by students of rodent behaviour as evidence of a more positive mood . 
seen never seen such a bigfoot bigfoot
"i think we actually can reach it .  now ,  i said this was a warning , "
"go ahead ,  do what you have to . "
"hey ,  ladies and gents ,  how about a big round of applause for the singing coyote from jersey ! "
"he takes all sorts of phenomena in writing and writing education into consideration with wide and deep knowledge accomplishment ,  no matter macroscopic perspective or miniature detail ,  all very deep and sharp . "
"along with fibre and vitamin c ,  a pineapple ' s real benefit lies in an enzyme called bromelain ,  which breaks down food and dead human tissues linger in the digestive ¬ system quickly ,  ¬ protecting the stomach .   ' the core of a pineapple contains twice the bromelain concentration of the surrounding fruit ,  '  says dr glenville . "
"compared with my librarian friend ,  we have the attention span of newts .  we are constantly overawed by the size ,  wealth and dominance of whatever happens to be the current corporate giant .  at the moment ,  the four leading monsters are apple ,  google ,  facebook and amazon .  yet 18 years ago ,  apple was weeks away from extinction ,  amazon had just launched ,  google was still three years away from incorporation and facebook lay nine years into the future . "
recent research indicates that the books were sent to rome and dispersed by booksellers there . 
the legend of king arthur represent the apotheosis of chivalry . 
"you all have a sense of what a flat space is ,  euclidean space is . "
traces of her blood will still be in that cement . 
no one would have believed it possible . 
"e - mails and passwords and correspondence ,  you name it . "
"i ' m telling them ,   "" you come with me over this way .  "" "
zk :  as we were talking to the vendor  -  -  to try to learn about
to the point where people simply get out of the business
there was only one way to do calculating and that was by hand . 
i just couldn ' t get through to him . 
"we should learn to clean our soul ,  or our life will never light up . "
why don ' t i take you to dinner ? 
i weep for joy to stand upon my kingdom once again . 
it lies in the strong stockholder plundering strategy under the surplus demanding power of enterprise . 
"i mean you can believe whatever you want but people live and people die and we do whatever we can ,  we do and we do whatever we can and we can ' t control that"
"the states have been criticized for a lack of cooperation among themselves and with the federal government in terror probes .  rivalries among numerous state and national agencies tasked with law enforcement ,  border security and intelligence gathering have also stymied past investigations . "
" "" wearing a fine watch speaks loudly of your rank in society . "
the study findings were published recently in both the journal of gerontology :  psychological sciences and psychology and aging . 
"it is often unnecessary to avoid longer words such as ""  association  "" and ""  nationality  ""  ,  which are common to the romance languages and will be widely understood in europe and latin america . "
south korea ministry of unification spokesman kim eu - do said they supported the u . n .  commission and improving rights in north korea
"so i started that ,  and worked in his lab for a year , "
the military service system provides the conscription activities with regulations to follow . 
there ' s a bleeding murderer on the loose ! 
they hope the agent will get them an appearance in a good theater . 
you only have exactly 24 hours in a day to do the things that matter . 
modern cad / cam systems do not dispose the circle and the sphere represented by the implicit equation and the parameter equation with trigonometric function .  ones approximate the circular arc and the circle as well as the spherical surface and the sphere by using the parameter polynomial and parameter rational polynomial such that they can be disposed by the modern cad / cam systems . 
"thanks to the ever - increasing surplus rural labor force , the economic restructuring and agri - modernization , labor mobility in the rural areas is haunted with renewed difficulties and complexities . "
"rafael :  last year when my other son graduated ,  a group of rowdy students started singing an offensive song as the graduates went up to get their diplomas . "
"you didn ' t have a doubt in your mind ,  man . "
an idea came to bill and he went into the store . 
the vacancy of the boy ' s expression made father doubt if he was listening . 
"informality ,  whatever its root ,  does not excusegrammaticalerrors ,  and these can damage your e - mail . "
he gave as his excuse for being late that old chestnut about the train being delayed . 
"but now this same carrier ,  the john c stennis ,  has led the rescue of a group of iranian fishermen . "
tell them we ' il assist with the entry . 
"i baptize you with water ,  for repentance ;  but the one who comes after me is mightier than i .  i am not fit to take off his shoes . "
"but the good thing was ,  once they shoved those rods up there"
i am just one of a new generation that is growing up . 
"besides mcqueen ,  besides these awful murders .  .  .  has anything else happened to you or perhaps to one of your friends .  .  .  that ' s a bit out of the ordinary ? "
"in the hall ,  the shallow challenger shall be allowed to swallow the swallows . "
"maybe two hours instead of an hour  -  -  and have less of this intensity ?  "" "
"he fumbled at the embroidered coverlet ,  trying to take it from the bed ,  and lay down stiffly -  - was instantly asleep . "
i ' m sorry i have to dash off like this . 
"a team led by alex bayliss ,  from english heritage ,  a british government agency ,  has just used this technique to examine digs from hundreds of sites around britain . "
"but then what ' s going to happen is ,  it will create a field . "
and relates to its owner as a friend and an equal ? 
"bees and wasps both sting ,  but they have other similarities too . "
the “loneliness of the distance learner” is a thing of the past . 
"as this mouse can ,  to the age of our equivalent of 80 years , "
some days are better than others . 
"in condensed form ,  the essential purport of the theory , "
"you live with a beautiful woman ,  taking care of your bills ,  cooking your food ,  doing your goddamn dirty - ass laundry . "
"just for that ,  i ' m not talking to you . "
" "" if we were to allow our enemies to prevail in iraq ,  the violence that is now declining would accelerate and iraq could descend into chaos ,  ""  mr .  bush said .   "" al - qaida would regain its lost sanctuaries and establish new ones  -  fomenting violence and terror that could spread beyond iraq ' s borders ,  with serious consequences for the world ' s economy .  "" "
"in the mid - qing dynasty ,  a famous writer named shen qifeng described a magical world which hold people ,  ghost ,  gods together in the collection of short stories xie duo . "
the largest organism in the world is in eastern oregon . 
"there was often speculation because gingrich’s numbers were rather inflated compared to other candidates such as sarah palin  ( with about 620 , 000 followers )  and mitt romney  ( with 64 , 000 followers )  . "
and this is a mockup that is in salt lake city
iost their lives for this unbelievable fact
the intimacy of two lovers can be whispered across the soft fiberoptic channels of the heart . 
"in the united states ,  i was blown away by the motivations , "
but the difficulty with this is that the majority of the traveling public doesn ` t like traveling with their back facing the direction of travel . 
"the honours of the mulberry tree ,  the canal and the yew arbour would all be made over to her . "
"fertigation method ,  distribution characteristics of moisture and nutrients in soil ,  the factors affecting optimal nutrient supply to crops ,  fertilizers selection and amounts ,  irrigation frequency and equipments of fetigetion were mainly introduced . "
"hippies ,  draft dodgers ,  dilettantes ,  the same people who ' d spit on me when i got back from vietnam . "
because you can win this game .  .  .  with a minority . 
so she elected to undergo a focused ultrasound procedure
"ensure a sufficient supply of all silverware ,  glassware and chinaware for service . "
let us cut out the talking and get back to work . 
"so ,  that said ,  i propose something to drink  .  .  .  and soon you are playing another game . "
in the early 20th century the city was the backdrop for despair . 
"more than 90 millimeters of rain an hour fell in kyoto prefecture in western japan ,  flooding hundreds of homes . "
we have honestly consider your proposal to represent us in your city for the sale of chinese porcelain vases and have now appointed you as our agent . 
"then put sets of those going up to 72 , 000 . "
"let others cry over small hurts ,  but not you . "
"ln a few days ,  she ' s gonna find your private zoo ,  and they ' re gonna lock you away with crazy people . "
the woman tried to fight down a feeling of repugnance to speak to her ex  -  husband . 
which i asked to be brought up to meet me at the lower camp . 
"yes ,  if you ' re doing prolonged events such as long - distance running or cycling .  for most people ,  a fewhours of sustained ,  vigorous activity will deplete their stored carbs ,  resulting in weakness ,  fatigue ,  and  /  orpain — what ' s known as ""  hitting the wall .   "" so it ' s important to eat small high -  - carb  ( again ,  low in fat and fiber )  snacks to maintain blood sugar and fuel your muscles and brain .  you can also get the carbs from beverages . "
it was other people that had the problem . 
"is it really disgusting or is it ,  like ,  kind of cool in a way ? "
"to figure out the rules by which we should guide our conduct , "
"as a courtesy to our customers ,  we offer rental car service . "
"on at least one ,  and maybe only one of those planets , "
"gudnayev is not directing the operation ,  i am . "
"we flew the area .  we imaged it .  we sent in people .  we took pictures of interiors , "
she won ' t interfere with you any more ;  your independence is achieved and you have won your latchkey . 
boda has become tangshan in north china as well as a dazzling audio  -  visual market brands . 
ask a couple of people and then you can see if the opinions are similar—just make sure the person you ask is not someone who is jealous of you or would have any reason to hurt or offend you . 
but there were some good things that came out of that too . 
"fears before ,  in the early eighties ,  while living in taos ,  new mexico ,  i had had a late - night encounter in my bedroom with three bright - blue beings . "
and he had an ethical bypass at birth . 
"xie jian is the eastern china director for the qida trade corporation .  he told the magazine that at least one lamborghini bicycle ,  which costs 345 , 000yuan ,  the most expensive kind found in wenzhou ,  zhejiang province ,  is sold every one or two months .  a young ferrari car owner came to him specifically to buy a ferrari bicycle ,  which goes for 20 , 000 yuan ,  xia said . "
"i ' d like to conclude by relating all of what i ' ve said to the term  "" beauty .  "" "
"people drinking something stronger than tea might say chin - chin ,  or  ' cheers !  ' "
oohl  -  drop the tough - ass biker routine before i get angry . 
"since november she works for talay thai ,  thailand ' s largest seafood distributor and ,  though conditions are much better ,  she is still waiting on her paperwork . "
leading hand sanitizes claim they can kill 99 . 9 percent of germs .  artest can kill 100 percent . 
take chances– no one ever won by sitting in their comfort zone . 
"where you think ,   "" is this really an appropriate way to use non - lethal weapons ?  "" "
i saw young americans killed by the very weapons i created to defend them and protect them . 
and this is something which is based on a principle
there are plans to reintroduce fish to the water and revive the fishing industry . 
but u . s .  law enforcement agencies recently shut down an online black market based on the system . 
"is that we have gone from a world of local control , "
"and we found that the blood test only identified peanut allergies 50 percent of the time ,  and we could find it 99 percent of the time . "
equal employment shall be accorded to all qualified individuals without regard to color or sex . 
"“we had a very productive meeting with the expo 2010 organization ,  ”ant ónio braga told portuguese news agency lusa ,  following a meeting with the mayor of the city ,  where portugal wednesday opened a consulate - general . "
"i’m not sure which i prefer ,  you can guess ! "
that fat woman looked ridiculous in her tight golden dress . 
he is ill and has been in the hospital for a week . 
"but i have to be honest .  lemur  -  watching ,  like bird  -  watching ,  takes a bit of concentration . "
" "" i just wanted to keep the pace ,  keep steady .  i kept watching my opponents during the race .  i didn ' t make my utmost to spurt ,  ""  liu said after the race . "
evans says confusion over the balance of power between the commission and the local government led to chaos during the last general election . 
"you call these goldfish ,  you haven ' t seen the others ! "
their football team performed very well in the match yesterday . 
he ' s working with me during the summer months as an intern . 
she gave me a searching look and asked if i was lying . 
"in this experimental study ,  wistar rats were divided into 3 groups :  group a ,  33 rats fed with diet purchased from endemic goitre area and iodine - free distilled water ; "
"“gold” ,  chris cleave ' s third novel ,  is a skilful demonstration of the form . "
we ' il go down and buy you some time . 
the american rhythm and blue star etta james has died at the age of 73 . 
"the shape of a bird cage ,  bird cage all accessories ,  bird food cans attention to embody the folk thinking and folk beliefs . "
"the assets correspond to the total amount invested by the end of december 2005 and interest earned on the investment totaled us $ 3 . 1 million ,  the payment and banking authority ( abp )  said . "
"when i was a kid ,  my mom was kind of a weak woman . "
